Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

# #INTERNAL AUDIT

Internal Audit Division is an internal body that work independently to provide feedback focusing on added-values for the organization. The Internal Audit helps the Company achieving its objective through a set of systematic approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of internal controls, corporate governance and risk management of the Company.

In accordance with Bapepam-LK Rules No. IX.1.7 regarding the Establishment and Guidelines for Internal Audit Charter, the Company has appointed Hendra Wijaya as the Head of Internal Audit of the Company based on the Board of Directors Decree number SK/121/DIRBH/X/2012.ERAA dated October 22, 2012.

As of November 1, 2011, the Company has issued an Internal Audit Charter serves as a working guideline for the Internal Audit unit.

## Duties &amp; Responsibilities of Internal Audit

Duties and responsibilities of the Internal Audit Division are as follows:

1. Develop and implement an annual work plan of the Internal Audit;
2. Examine and evaluate the implementation of internal control and risk management system in accordance with the Company's policies;
3. Examine and assess the efficiency and effectiveness of finance, accounting, operations, human resources, marketing, information technology and other activities;
4. Provide recommendations for improvements and objective information about the audited activities at all levels of management;
5. Prepare the audit report and submit the report to the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners;
6. Monitor, analyze, and report the implementation of the suggested improvement;
7. Conducting special audit if necessary.

## Publication of Financial Statements

Throughout 2015, the Company issued financial statements on every quarter, on mid-year and at year-end. Mid-year and year-end Financial Statements in particular, in accordance with Bapepam-LK Regulation No.X.K.2 Year 2011, were published in newspapers with national coverage. The Company also publishes its Financial Statements on the website.

|  Publications | Date | Media  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Audited Financial Statement as December 31, 2015 | Thursday, March 31, 2015 | Investor Daily  |
|  Interm Financial Statement as June 30, 2015 | Friday, July 31, 2015 | Investor Daily  |

Annual Report 2015