Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

# RETAIL BUSINESS

## Services at Point of Sales

Through direct sales in Erafone outlets, Principal brands outlets, AndroidNation outlets, and iBox, Erajaya Group is committed to providing the information required by customers so that they can make a well informed purchasing decision. Erajaya Group translates these informative services through two aspects, namely using props in the booth, or from staffs on duty.

Erajaya Group has well prepared the competence of its human resources through human resource management, e-DNA Center training programs, and briefing conducted by the brand principal to employees assigned to master product knowledge of that principal brand.

## Third Party Funding

Erajaya Group provides access for financing, as provided by the bank, for its retail customers. Funding is provided through credit cards issued by banks, which generally provides a zero percent of interest installments for a period of 6-12 months. Until now, Erajaya Group has established partnerships with 13 banks in providing payment using debit cards and credit cards.

Erajaya Group also provides its customers with access for payments made through third party financing company. Until now, Erajaya Group has formed partnership with three third-party financing companies. Based on the agreement, Erajaya Group has no credit risk from its retail customers and therefore is protected from non performing receivables.

Erajaya Group believe that third-party financing has positive impact on sales of cellular phones and other IT products because it allows customers with lower incomes to make purchasement.

## Aftersales Service

Through a network of after-sales service, Erajaya Group provides software upgrade services, changes in device settings, live demonstrations and download services. For mobile phone and accessories, Erajaya Group provides repair services to a certain extent based on the agreements with each brand principal. In addition, Erafone Megastore retail outlets provide service desk for network operators and financing of insurance services.

Annual Report 2015