Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

# Corporate Governance Structure

In order of hierarchy, the structure of corporate governance is the General Meeting of Shareholders ("AGM"), the Board of Commissioners and the Board of Directors. The highest authority and the highest decision-making body is the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which is held once a year, and the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders which is held whenever deemed necessary.

During those meetings, shareholders exercise their rights to make decisions, and make ratification of the Company's policies.

# General Meeting of Shareholders

GMS is the organ of the Company vested with the highest authority that cannot be delegated to the Board of Commissioners or Board of Directors within the limits set forth in Law on Limited Liability Companies and / or Articles of Association. GMS is a forum for the Board of Commissioners and the Board of Directors to report and to account their performance to the shareholders.

In 2015, the Company held Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders ("AGMS &amp; EGMS") on June 9, 2015, taking place at the Seminar Room of Indonesia Stock Exchange, Jakarta. The AGMS &amp; EGMS were attended by 2,026,423,992 shares with voting rights or equivalent to 69.88% of total shares with valid voting rights issued by the Company.

The agenda for AGMS &amp; EGMS are as follow:

# Agenda of AGMS

01
Annual Report including BOD reports, Board of Commissioners supervision reports, and ratification of Financial Statement of Fiscal Year 2014;

02
Approving the use of net income for the fiscal year 2014;

03
Granting power and authority to the Board of Directors to appoint public accountant for the fiscal year 2015 with the approval from the Board of Commissioners, including but not limited to determine the honorarium for the Public Accountant;

04
Granting authority to the Board of Commissioners to determine the salaries and benefits for members of the Board of Commissioners, and authority to the Board of Commissioners to determine the salary, benefits, duties and authority of the Board of Directors.

# Agenda of EGMS

01
To approve the amendment of the Company's Articles of Association.

Annual Report 2015