Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

Dear Shareholders,

Praise be to God Almighty, PT Erajaya Swasembada Tbk successfully through 2015 with a commendable achievement. We saw that in the middle of such an unfavorable economic conditions, we are able to prove ourselves as a resilient and resourceful company.

The weakening of purchasing power, as impacted by the strengthening dollar, has affected the telecommunications devices market. Economic turmoil and the certainty of government policies are other challenges that must be faced by the Company in 2015. The Board of Commissioners viewed that the Board of Directors' strategy is very appropriate in anticipating both challenges. This is evident from the success of the Company in gaining a sales growth from Rp14,45 trillion in 2014 to Rp 20.01 trillion in 2015.

To ensure that the Company's business growth remains in a financially sound corridor, throughout 2015, the Board of Commissioners has established intense communication with the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, either through meetings or through other communication media. The Board also has expressed views and advices on various issues in the management of the Company. Broadly speaking, we has given advices regarding the overseas expansion as well regarding the efficiency. In our opinion, the Board of Directors has properly executed all the things we have suggested.

We also saw that throughout 2015, the Board of Directors and the Company's management have demonstrated such a high passion and dedication in running the business. It was reflected on the Company's performance as well as from the Company's success in expanding its business overseas. After embarking on business expansion into Southeast Asia countries in 2014, by acquiring the shares of CG Computers Sdn. Bhd., owner of Apple Premium Reseller / Apple Authorized Reseller in Malaysia, in 2015 the Company continued its undertaking by forming Era International Network Pte. Ltd., a joint venture with Alphabright Distribution Pte. Ltd., a distribution company based in Singapore. In addition, the Company also formed Era International Network Sdn. Bhd., a joint venture with a Malaysian citizen, Mr. Li Chau Ging.

By entering into cooperation with Indosat Ooredoo in retail business development, and with Amtrust Mobile Solutions (AMS) Singapore in providing telecommunication device protection services, the Company undertook other strategic move that will positively impact the Company's business growth in the future.

On behalf of the Shareholders, we would like to express our great appreciation for the hard work and dedication of the Board of Directors and Management of the Company in maintaining the sustainability of the Company's business in the middle of the severity of the challenge in 2015.

However, in spite of the good performance recorded in 2015, the Board of Commissioners need to continue to remind all parties regarding the importance of maintaining the quality of GCG implementation. It is a critical factor that support the sustainability of the Company's business because it concerns the integrity and reputation of the company in the eyes of society.

The Board of Commissioners views that the Board of Directors has been carrying out its functions related to GCG implementation in the Company as best as possible. Compliance with various regulations are also maintained properly. In the future, it should be improved along with the development of the Company.

Human Resources Development is also another important point of concern for the Board of Commissioners. All this time, the Company always positioned itself more than just a trading company that sells communication devices, but as a service company that seeks to understand and to meet the needs of its customers. That is why the Company should build competent human resources oriented to customer satisfaction. We saw that the current training facilities and programs are good enough and has helped the Company evolved to become a company with quality of service to be proud of.

By the end of 2015, we saw signs of economic recovery, as reflected in the strengthening value of Rupiah. Therefore, we expect that soon the market will be revived and the competition will increase. The rapid advancement of e-commerce has changed the patterns of consumption. The challenge here is how to adapt to the changes. BOC supported the Board of Directors to develop e-commerce company through the provision of e-fulfillment logistics, as evidence of the seriousness of the Company in adapting the new marketing style.

We are also optimistic on the policies and strategies implemented by the Board of Directors in expanding the business, the distribution network outside and inside the country, as well as in managing risks. We are sure that it will give us a strong foundation to pursue stronger business growth in the future.

Closing this report, allow me on behalf of all members of the Board of Commissioners, to express our gratitude for the support and trust from the shareholders, customers, partners, suppliers and all stakeholders. We would also like to convey sincere appreciation to the Board of Directors and all employees who have worked hard and in full dedication in realizing the Company's achievement in 2015.

We believe that by enhancing our synergy and hard work, together we will be able to achieve better performance than we have achieved today.

Sincerely Yours,

Ardy Hady Wijaya
President Commissioner

Annual Report 2015