Financial Highlights

Company's Profile

Report From the Board of Commissioners

Directors' Report

Key Management Profiles

Back in 2011, the Group acquired Erajaya PT Teletama Artha Mandiri ("TAM"). The acquisition managed to produce advantageous results both in portfolio of investment of Erajaya Group and TAM as subsidiaries.

At the end of 2011, Erajaya Group performed IPO, offering 31.7% of its stock. Under the stock code ERAA, Erajaya Group was officially listed in the Indonesia Stock Exchange.

Erajaya Group also developed electronic-based selling ("e-commerce") through www.erafone.com in early 2012. E-commerce achieved such a great success that the Group is trusted by a number of principal as launching partner for a wide range of flagship products and recorded outstanding sales result with a variety of new products.

Erajaya Group also developed operating-system-based outlet. In cooperation with Google, in July 2012 Erajaya Group introduced AndroidNation, an Android-based retail outlet, the first in the world. As of the end of 2015, AndroidNation has grew to 6 outlets at Senayan City Jakarta, Paragon Citymall Semarang, Tunjungan Plaza Surabaya, Grand Indonesia Jakarta, Pasific Place Jakarta, and Mall Alam Sutera Tangerang.

In August 2012, Erajaya Group through one of its subsidiaries, namely PT Data Citra Mandiri ("DCM") acquired the rights of iBox brand and its retail business. iBox is a specialty retail outlets for Apple's leading products. This acquisition is a strategic move from Erajaya Group to further broaden its portfolio and to expand its retail network.

In September 2012, PT Eralink International, as the majority shareholder of Erajaya Group again sold 8.3% of its shares, and hence the Group's total outstanding shares as of the end of 2012 amounted to 40.03%.

In 2015, to comply with the Trade Minister Regulation No. 38/M-DAG/PER/8/2013 on the Amendment to the Article 8A of the Regulation of the Minister of Trade No. 82/M-DAG/PER/2012 on the Imports of Cell Phones, Handheld Computer, and Computer Tablet, which requires the Company to establish Industrial Cell Phones, Handheld Computers and Tablet Computers, Erajaya

Group acquired 5,100 shares or 51% shares of PT Axioo International Indonesia from PT Exa Nusa Persada. Axioo International Indonesia will be used to assemble Venera, mobile phone brands owned by Erajaya. However, it is possible that Axioo International Indonesia also assemble phone or tablet of other brands.

Erajaya entered into agreement of forming joint venture with PT Indosat Ooredoo. The joint venture company was named Satera Management Indonesia. This joint venture company is a retail chain with new concept that provides an integrated, comprehensive and professionals services under one roof.

In 2015, PT Erafone Artha Retailindo ("Erafone"), a subsidiary of Erajaya, along with Amtrust Mobile Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. formed a joint venture named PT AmTrust Mobile Solutions Indonesia. The joint venture company engages in providing mobile device protection programs which became part of the value added service solutions for mobile telecommunication devices.

Erajaya Group has also formed a joint venture with Alphabright Distribution Pte. Ltd. Singapore, named Era International Network Pte. Ltd., which the Company has a 70% stake in the formation of the company.

The Company also formed a joint venture under the name of Era International Network Sdn. Bhd., where the Company's ownership reached 95% of total shares.

In line with increasing business activities, Erajaya Group has established strategic partnerships with 17 leading global brand, include Acer, Apple, Asus, Blackberry, Dell, HTC, Huawei, Lenovo, LG, Oppo, Motorola, Nokia, Polytron, Samsung, Smartfren, Sony and Xiaomi. Erajaya Group also markets its own brand products, namely, Venera.

Erajaya Group also works closely with leading mobile network operators in Indonesia to distribute their products.

Annual Report 2015