Management Analysis on the Company Performance 2015

Good Corporate Governance

Human Resources

Corporate Social Responsibilities

Management's Statement for the 2015 Annual Report

# #BUSINESS PROSPECT

Going forward, the Company's business development strategy will be based on the following three points:

1. Continuing the regionalization by entering other countries in Southeast Asia, while remain focused on the Company's core business, namely mobile telecommunication devices and solutions.
2. Optimizing the effort to become the best of class, through decentralization in order to accelerate business decision process.
3. Supporting government policy in developing local investment, including through brands, both software and hardware.

Besides those three things, we also need to include the concept of the Internet of Things into our business development plan. Simply put, the Internet of Things can be regarded as a concept in which objects can communicate or exchange data between each other via the connectivity network. Observers predict that the Internet of Things is "the next big thing" in the world of information technology simply because it offers a lot of potential to be further explored.

In 2015, Erajaya Group's sales of mobile phone and tablet reached 85.5% of total sales. Going forward, the Group will continue to drive up growth, particularly related to the use of the Internet through the network operator and the wireless connection will also be driven up along with the expanding network and more affordable operator prices.

In addition, Indonesia's vast geographical area provides opportunities for mobile telecommunications distributors to continue growing. Erajaya Group also provides distribution channels through retail, reseller partners either third parties or directly owned by Erajaya Group. This integrated access makes Erajaya Group's business platform has a business prospects needed by the product principals who whises to expand their business in Indonesia.

In line with the growth in private consumption and innovation in information technology, modern retail concepts will also be improved. Modern retail concept supports middle-classes lifestyle, especially urbanite, and provides a wide range of products and information, as well as ease of payment of the banking system. This concept has already been materialized by the Company through a series of retail strategy of Branded Store, Erafone, AndroidNation, iBox and partnership with the principal. In 2015, the Company increased the number of its retail by 67 retail outlets, bringing the total of 556 outlets.

# 85.5%

In 2015, Erajaya Group's sales of mobile phone and tablet reached 85.5% of total sales.

Annual Report 2015