Annual Report 2015

# CONTROL AND QUALITY ASSURANCE

Erajaya Group has layered quality control process that is reliable and integrated with the network provider. Erajaya Group's quality control personnel verifies the contents of each packet received at the warehouse and perform random testing on the functionality of the devices. The same process is repeated, with regard to the transport related parties, prior to shipment from the warehouse Erajaya Group.

Erajaya Group also employs mystery shoppers to conduct an evaluation of its retail outlets and provide the information center (call center) to provide assistance and receive feedback from customers. Erajaya Group has an internal audit team to ensure that various internal processes and procedures regarding the quality assurance are adhered to.

Before reaching supply agreements with third party for its own brand products, such as Venera, member of the management team will conduct an inspection on the third party manufacturer to review the operational and quality control process of that third party.

# ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENT

In 2015, to comply with the Trade Minister Regulation No. 38/M-DAG/PER/8/2013 concerning Amendment on the Regulation of the Minister of Trade No. 82/M-DAG/PER/2012 on Imports of Cell Phones, Handheld Computer, and Computer Tablet, Article 8A requires the Company to establish Cell Phones, Handheld Computer and Tablet Computer manufacturer, PT Erajaya Swasembada Tbk ("Erajaya") has acquired 5,100 shares or 51% shares of PT Axioo International Indonesia from PT Exa Nusa Persada. Axioo International Indonesia will be used to assemble Erajaya's Venera mobile phones. There was a possibility that Axioo International Indonesia also assemble phone or tablet from other brands.

In 2015, Erajaya also entered into agreement of forming joint venture with PT Indosat Ooredoo. The joint venture company was named Satera Management Indonesia. This joint venture company is a retail chain with new concept that provides an integrated, comprehensive and professionals services under one roof.

In addition, PT Erafone Artha Retailindo ("Erafone"), a subsidiary of Erajaya, along with Amtrust Mobile Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. formed a joint venture named PT AmTrust Mobile Solutions Indonesia. The joint venture company is engaged in providing services of mobile device protection programs, which became part of the value added service solutions for telecommunication devices

Erajaya Group has also formed a joint venture with Alphabright Distribution Pte. Ltd. in Singapore, named Era International Network Pte. Ltd. The Company also formed a joint venture under the name of Era International Network Sdn. Bhd.

65