Management Analysis on the Company Performance 2015
Good Corporate Governance
Human Resources
Corporate Social Responsibilities
Management's Statement for the 2015 Annual Report

# Human Resources Planning, Selection and Recruitment

By embracing the principles of "The Right Man on The Right Place" and "Get The Best Class", Erajaya Group uses a strategy of selection and recruitment of human resources as follows:

1. Implement annual Man Power Planning (MPP) systematically based on the organization's business development plan;
2. Implement policies and procedures for selection and recruitment;
3. Oriented at Human Resource competency standards, Erajaya Group adopts a competency-based approach, namely:

a. Core Competency or i-ERA:
- Integrity
- Excellent Work
- Reliable Partner
- Assuring Continuous Learning

b. Management Competency
- Leadership
- Resource Management
- Business Financial Acumen

c. Technical Competency. Following the criteria and technical requirements for a position.
4. In cooperation with employee provider companies related regarding the fulfillment of some non-core positions for the retail business and distribution.

# Online assessment

online assessment has been used for the assessment of future 288 new hires and 179 internal employees. The objective is to improve the effectiveness of the assessment

# Development Competence Assessment

Since it was first launched in 2013, Assessment Service was significantly optimized in accordance with the target, namely Internal which is for employees of Erajaya Group and External for the new employee candidates. For external purposes, it focuses on the selection and recruitment of new employees. As for internal purposes, it is used for diagnostic purposes and development of competencies, employee status change goals, and objectives of promotion. Assessment Service is one of the strategic intervention because it has great importance to the development of the organization of Erajaya Group, ensuring competent personnel at every level and functions. For the external objective, during 2015, assessments has been conducted for 1,616 candidates. As for the internal target, reaching 344 employees from grade 1 to 4.

In 2014, Erajaya Group launched online its assessment (www.assessment-erajaya.com) which is a chapter of the trilogy tools People Development. Since launching until the end of December 2015, online assessment has been used for the assessment of future 288 new hires and 179 internal employees. The objective is to improve the effectiveness of the assessment, especially for participants who live outside Jabodetabek and for cost efficiency.

In 2015, the assessment team also conducted research Talent related describing the condition of Talent in Erajaya Group. The results of this research are used by top management to take strategic decisions related to Human Resources.

Annual Report 2015