Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

# PRODUCT PORTFOLIO

## Cellular Telecommunications Products

Erajaya Group is a leading distributor and retailer of cellular telecommunication products in Indonesia which includes Acer, Apple, Asus, Blackberry, Dell, HTC, Huawei, Lenovo, LG, Oppo, Motorola, Nokia, Polytron, Samsung, Smartfren, Sony and Xiaomi, and its own brand, Venera.

The diversity of the brand portfolio owned by Erajaya Group allows the Group to promptly respond to changes in product brand preferences in the mobile telecommunications market in Indonesia. Wide range of the Company's product portfolio includes smartphones, feature phones, basic phones and tablets with a product mix designed to meet the needs of professional use, lifestyle and basic needs.

Smartphone is a mobile phone with features and function resemble a computer offering more advanced connectivity than regular mobile phone. Smartphone combines the functions of personal digital assistants and

## Operator Products

Erajaya Group also engages in the distribution and retail business of operators products such as a Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) packs and recharge vouchers from major Indonesian mobile network operator.

Prepaid SIM card package includes a SIM card from one of the mobile network providers and is connected to a mobile phone number. Recharge voucher allows customers with SIM card to add credit to their mobile phone.

Erajaya Group purchased SIM card packages and recharge vouchers from mobile network operators and sell it back to customer and third party resellers. Erajaya Group has also expanded the capacity of the online recharging.

## cellular phones which generally features portable media player, high resolution camera with touch screen, GPS navigation, Wi-Fi and mobile broadband access.

Tablet is a portable computer taking a shape of a flat touch screen. The most prominent characteristic of a tablet is the use of screen as the input device using fingertip, stylus, or digital pen. In addition, a tablet is relatively smaller compared to PC or laptop. Typically, tablet has a port for SIM card or Wi-Fi capabilities to allow customers to access internet and other forms of communication such as social networking.

Feature phone is a mobile phone device that is not set designed to be a smart phone device, meaning feature phone has the least function of mobile phones for telecommunications.

## Other Products

Erajaya Group operates distribution and retail business of various mobile telecommunications accessories products, such as mobile phones case, bluetooth headset, charger, power bank and manu others.

Through its subsidiaries the DCM (iBox) &amp; CG Computers Malaysia (Switch), Erajaya Group sells computer products as well as Apple products, such as a PC (Personal Computer) desktop, notebook, tablet, accessories and other peripheral devices. Through the development of e-commerce retail channel, Erajaya Group also develops m-commerce businesses to sell products and mobile contents such as games, applications and music via mobile devices.

Annual Report 2015