Financial Highlights
Company's Profile
Report From the Board of Commissioners
Directors' Report
Key Management Profiles

By the end of 2015, Erajaya Group's retail distribution network has included 33,000 third-party reseller partners and 556 retail outlets, with a nationwide distribution network consisting of 89 distribution points and the Company is committed to continue developing new distribution points. It is the solid distribution network that allows Erajaya Group to offer brands principal and mobile operators a broad, strategic, effective and efficient access.

Erajaya Group seeks to always maintain good relationship with global brand principals, which in turn helps nature public confidence towards Erajaya Group as the most complete leading distributor and retail company in Indonesia.

Erajaya Group continues to maintain the loyalty of its customers by offering a wide range of mobile products and a comprehensive service provider. In addition, Erajaya Group also leverages on its partnerships with principals and mobile network operators to offer promotional packages of mobile phone and SIM card.

It is of no less importance that the Erajaya Group's various product portfolio helps boosting loyalty of dealers and resellers. It also improves the coverage and quality of the distribution network of Erajaya Group.

# #BUSINESS STRATEGY

Erajaya Group undertook various efforts to develop its distribution network, including by improving its information technology platform in order to enhance technical capabilities of its logistics network and to improve the quality of its human resources.

In addition, Erajaya Group also continues to develop its brand portfolio, especially those dominating the market, and to strengthen the feature phone business in order to penetrate third tier cities, as well as retail development strategy that was deployed by Erajaya Group.

Erajaya Group remains committed to improving its distribution and retail network by forming synergistic partnerships with dealers, third party resellers, corporate clients, and joint business. With this partnership, Erajaya Group is able to continue to expand its distribution network coverage, deepening market penetration and increase its revenue base, as well as to enhance the attractiveness of Erajaya Group's distribution network to brand principals.

Erajaya Group also develops e-commerce platform to be included in its distribution channel. In addition, Erajaya Group continues to develop Erafone Megastore, retail outlet with larger space to provide customers with convenience of having wider choice of products.

Annual Report 2015