# CSR ACTIVITIES IN 2015

In 2015, the Company has conducted series of CSR activities under the umbrella of Lentera Cerdas (Education), Lentera Sehat (Health) and Lentera Kasih (Love). Following is the whole series of our CSR programs:

## Lentera Cerdas

Lentera Cerdas is one of the pillars of the CSR activities engaging in the field of education. The activity of Lentera Cerdas in 2015 is as follows:

### Rumah Cerdas
Lentera

### Erajaya Group Scholarship

### Mobile Phone Technician Training

### Erajaya Group Scholarships:

Rumah Cerdas Lentera (Smart House): a program that focuses on improving means or the infrastructure of Early Childhood Education (ECD), for children living around the area of operations or in any other areas in need. In the first semester of 2015, the Company has launched 5 Rumah Cerdas Lentera at the District of Kalideres, Tambora, West Jakarta and Sub-District Penjaringan, North Jakarta. And in the second semester 2015, the Company has launched 5 Rumah Cerdas Lentera at the District of Cengkareng, Kalideres, West Jakarta.

Erajaya Group Scholarships: a program that focuses on improving the quality of education for children living in the operational area of the Company. The scholarship program is divided into two sub-programs, namely the scholarship program for employees' children and the scholarship program for student achiever living in the operational areas of the Company. In the academic year 2015, the Company has provided scholarships to 60 employees children and 80 Elementary School student of 5-6 grade who live in the area of the Company's operations.

Mobile Phone Technician Training: A training targeted to unemployed residents to help them create new job opportunities in their area. During the first half of 2015, the Company has cooperated with PKPU, Mesjid Raya Bintaro, Yayasan Wasilatul Ummat, Yayasan Nurul Iman and organized seminar on mobile phone services to 180 people and trained 18 phone technicians professionally. In the second half of 2015, the Company in cooperation with PKPU conducted similar activities in SMK Cahaya Fadilah, Masjid Jami Al Barokah, SMK Wiyata Mandala Bakti, Kapuk and Cengkareng Timur and organized seminars on mobile phone service to 139 people and trained 15 phone technicians professionally.