Management Analysis on the Company Performance 2015
Good Corporate Governance
Human Resources
Corporate Social Responsibilities
Management's Attainment for the 2015 Annual Report

# #HR2015

Human Resources Division plays critical role in Erajaya Group business growth as strategic partner that provides input related to Human Resources to the top management. Following is the attainment and development of Human Resources of Erajaya Group in 2015:

Participating in the annual competition organized by national business magazine SWA: HR Excellence Award 2016. In this competition, Erajaya Group Human Resources team was ranked at the 3rd place for the category of HR Transformation and at the 4th place in the category of People Development. In addition, one member of the Human Resources team named as ranked 5 (five) of Indonesia Future HR Leader, published in SWA magazine issue 02, January 21-February 3, 2016;

- Organize a second batch of Leadership Development Program 2015, a program intended to create future leaders. The program was conducted in co-operation with professional vendors and was attended by 22 employees from Manager and General Manager levels;
- Implement performance management that includes: Performance Planning, Performance Review and Performance Appraisal. Throughout 2015, the process of performance management is done using HRIS Pro-Int;
- Conduct work load analysis to provide input for senior executives related to existing workloads in the division;

- Benchmarking to human resource development (HRD) practice in one of the leading companies in Indonesia, the Kompas Gramedia Group;
- Holding two batches of Supervisory Development Program in 2015, a program designed to create future leaders. The program is prepared and managed internally and attended by 34 employees from Supervisor and Assistant Manager levels;
- Organize Erajaya Achievement Award, a program initiated by the Division of Human Resources of Erajaya Group and is applied to all divisions in Erajaya Group. This program is a competition on four categories, namely:
- a. Continuous improvement;
- b. Innovation and Creativity;
- c. Profitability Growth;
- d. Corporate Identity (jingle, mars, tagline).
- Total proposals submitted from across business units was 85 proposals;

- To develop and launch a new Learning Management System on March 30, 2015. This new system is a combination of knowledgeshare.erajaya.com and the existing elearning.erajaya.com, came with improved features to support business purposes;
- Implement and develop HRIS Pro-Int, a program that supports the Company's activities related to the employee database, among others: personal data of employees, annual leave, analysis of recruitment, data on training attended by employees, payroll and will continue to be developed in 2016;
- Perform intensive campaign on discipline, cleanliness and tidiness of work space;
- Conduct survey on employee knowledge concerning: knowledge of company policies, Vision, Mission &amp; Value, and competence.

Annual Report 2015