Kinerja Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Performance
BULSING A SOOTARABLE FUTURE

## Sekretaris Perusahaan
### Corporate Secretary

|  Nama Pelatihan
Training Title | Tempat dan Tanggal
Venue and Date | Penyelenggara
Organized by  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  ORI Standards Certified Training on Sustainability Reporting | 21-23 Januari/
January 2020,
Jakarta | National Center
for Sustainability
Reporting (NCSR)  |
|  Pendalaman P0JK No. 51/P0JK.03/2017 tentang Penerapan Keuangan Berkelanjutan
bagi Lembaga Jasa Keuangan, Emiten dan Perusahaan Publik, serta sharing session
terkait Implementasi P0JK No. 51/P0JK.03/2017
Understanding FSA Regulation No. 51/P0JK.03/2017 concerning the Implementation of
Sustainable Finance for Financial Service Institutions, Issuers and Public Companies,
as well as a sharing session related to the Implementation of FSA Regulation No. 51/
P0JK.03/2017 | 4 Februari/February
2020, Jakarta | ICSA & BEI/IDX  |
|  ICSA CG Officer Workshop Series Intermediate Competency I: Corporate Legal & Corporate
Action Batch 2 | 26-27 Februari/
February 2020,
Jakarta | ICSA  |
|  Penilaian Tata Kelola Perusahaan
Corporate Government Assessament | 3 Maret/March 2020,
Jakarta | ICSA & BEI/IDX  |
|  E-Proxy and E-Voting Platform | 26 Maret/March 2020,
Webinar | KSEI  |
|  Relaksasi Aturan OJK
Relaxation of FSA Regulations | 8 April 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  E-Proxy | 15 April 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  SR & Covid-19 What and How to Report? | 23 April 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  OJK Regulation on E-GMS: What's New | 30 April 2020,
Webinar | Assegaf Hamzah &
Partners  |
|  Sosialisasi atas 2 P0JK
a. P0JK No. 15/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Rencana dan Penyelenggaraan Rapat Umum
Pemegang Saham Perusahaan Terbuka; dan
b. P0JK No. 16/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Pelaksanaan Rapat Umum Pemegang Saham
Perusahaan Terbuka Secara Elektronik.
Socialization of 2 FSA Regulations
a. FSA Regulation No.15/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Planning and Implementation of General
Meeting of Shareholders of Publicly Listed Companies
b. FSA Regulation No.16/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Implementation of General Meeting of
Shareholders of Publicly Listed Companies by Electronic Means | 5 Mei/May 2020,
Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  OJK Casts a Wider Net on Material Transactions | 8 Mei/May 2020,
Webinar | Assegaf Hamzah &
Partners  |
|  Kewajiban Notifikasi Merger dan Akusisi dalam Situasi Pandemi Covid 19, dan Mitigasi
Resikonya
Obligation of Merger and Acquisition Notification during Covid-19 Pandemic and Risk
Mitigation | 12 Mei/May 2020,
Webinar | Komisi Pengawas
Persaingan Usaha
Republik Indonesia  |
|  Dialog terkait Penerapan P0JK 15 & 16
Dialogue on FSA Regulation 15 & 16 Implementation | 20 Mei/May 2020,
Webinar | Asosiasi Emiten
Indonesia  |
|  Sosialisasi Peraturan I-B Tentang Pencatatan Efek Bersifat Utang
Dissemination of Rule I-B regarding Listing of Debt Securities | 9 Juni/June 2020,
Webinar | BEI
IDX  |
|  ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard (ACGS) – Journey to Asean Asset Class | 17 Juni/June 2020,
Webinar | RSM Indonesia & BEI/
IDX  |
|  Why You Should Protect Your Data | 2 Juli/July 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  Manfaat Pendanaan Perusahaan Melalui Penerbitan Sukuk dan Outlook Pasar Modal
Syariah 2020
Benefits of the Company's Funding through Issuance of Sukuk and 2020 Sharia Capital
Market Outlook | 8 Juli/July 2020,
Webinar | BEI & OJK
IDX & FSA  |

## Sekretaris Perusahaan
### Corporate Secretary

|  Nama Pelatihan
Training Title | Tempat dan Tanggal
Venue and Date | Penyelenggara
Organized by  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Reporting on Waste with Circular Economy Perspective
(Launching of ORI 306 Waste 2020) | 9 Juli/July 2020,
Webinar | Global Reporting
Initiative (ORI) & BEI/IDX  |
|  SDOs Reporting (Launching of ORI-PWC-UNGC Joint Training Module on SDOs Reporting) | 21 Juli/July 2020,
Webinar | ORI & BEI/IDX  |
|  Risk Management for Corporate Secretary | 23 Juli/July 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  Preparing Stakeholder Engagement and Sustainability Strategy | 4 Agustus/August
2020, Webinar | ORI & BEI/IDX  |
|  Sosialisasi/Socialization:
a. P0JK No. 27/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Tata Cara Pengecualian Pemenuhan Prinsip
Keterbukaan bagi Emiten atau Perusahaan Publik yang Merupakan Lembaga Jasa
Keuangan dalam rangka Pencegahan dan Penanganan Krisis Sistem Keuangan; dan
b. P0JK No. 43/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Kewajiban Keterbukaan Informasi dan Tata Kelola
Perusahaan bagi Emiten atau Perusahaan Publik yang Memenuhi Kriteria Emiten
a. FSA Regulation No. 27/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Procedures for Exemptions to the
Obligation of Disclosure Principle for Issuers or Public Companies which are Financial
Institutions in order to Prevent and Mitigate Financial System Crisis; and
b. FSA Regulation No. 43/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Obligations of Information Disclosure and
Corporate Governance for Issuers or Public Companies that Meet the Criteria of Issuers | 11 Agustus/August
2020, Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  Sosialisasi/Socialization:
a. P0JK No. 17/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Transaksi Material dan Perubahan Kegiatan
Usaha; dan
b. P0JK No. 42/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Transaksi Afiliasi dan Transaksi Benturan
Kepantingan.
a. FSA Regulation No. 17/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Material Transaction
b. FSA Regulation No. 42/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Affiliate Transaction and Conflict of
Interest Transaction | 11 Agustus/August
2020, Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  Pendalaman P0JK 42/P0JK.04/2020 tentang Transaksi Afiliasi dan Transaksi Benturan
Kepantingan.
Strengthening in FSA Regulation 42/P0JK.04/2020 regarding Affiliate Transaction and
Conflict of Interest Transaction | 14 Agustus/August
2020, Webinar | ICSA  |
|  Pentingkah Market Capitalization?
Is Market Capitalization Important? | 3 September 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  Sosialisasi dan diseminasi terkait Pasar Modal, kewajiban yang harus dipenuhi oleh Emiten,
dan peran anggota Direksi dan anggota Dewan Komisaris dalam menjalankan perusahaan.
Socialization and Dissemination on Capital Market, Obligations that Should be Fulfilled by
Issuers and Role of Members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners in
Running the Company. | 8 September 2020,
Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  Excellent Attitude For Corporate Secretary | 28 September 2020,
Webinar | ICSA  |
|  ASEAN Corporate Secretaries Network (ACSN) 2^{nd} Webinar 2020
Future of the board – “How the role of the company secretaries will evolve?” | 29 September 2020,
Webinar | ASEAN Corporate
Secretaries Network
(ACSN)  |
|  Strategi Penerbitan Sukuk di Masa Pandemi untuk Menarik Investor
Strategy of Sukuk Issuance During Pandemic to Attract Investors | 1 Oktober/October
2020, Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  Sosialisasi dan Implementasi/Socialization and Implementation
IDX Industrial Classification (IDX-IC) | 15 Oktober/October
2020, Webinar | OJK
FSA  |
|  Restrukturisasi dan Tindakan Korporasi dalam Rangkaian Acara Capital Market Summit
& Expo (CMSE)
Restructuring and Corporate Action in a Series of Capital Market Summit & Expo (CMSE) | 20 Oktober/October
2020, Webinar | BEI
IDX  |
|  Tantangan Corporate Secretary Dalam Menghadapi New Normal
Challenges of Corporate Secretary in Dealing with New Normal | 22 Oktober/October
2020, Webinar | ICSA  |

PT MITRA PINASTHIKA MUSTIKA Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2020
2020 Sustainability Report PT MITRA PINASTHIKA MUSTIKA Tbk