Tentang Laporan Keberlanjutan
About This Sustainability Report
Sambutan Direktur Utama
Remarks from the Chief Executive Officer
Ikhtisar Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Overview

Komposisi Karyawan Berdasarkan Rentang Usia
Employee Composition by Age Range

|  Rentang Usia
Age Range | 2021 |   | 2020 |   | 2019  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  Jumlah
Total | % | Jumlah
Total | Jumlah
Total | % | Jumlah
Total  |
|  50> tahun
>50 years old | 38 | 7% | 35 | 7% | 42 | 7%  |
|  41 – 50 tahun
41 – 50 years old | 138 | 26% | 128 | 24% | 114 | 20%  |
|  26 – 40 tahun
26 – 40 years old | 357 | 66% | 359 | 68% | 396 | 70%  |
|  <25 tahun
<25 years old | 5 | 1% | 6 | 1% | 13 | 2%  |
|  Jumlah
Total | 538 | 100% | 528 | 100% | 565 | 100%  |

Komposisi Karyawan Berdasarkan Level Jabatan
Employee Composition by Level of Position

|  Level Jabatan
Level of Position | 2021 |   | 2020 |   | 2019  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  Jumlah
Total | % | Jumlah
Total | Jumlah
Total | % | Jumlah
Total  |
|  Senior Leader | 34 | 6% | 30 | 6% | 32 | 6%  |
|  Manager | 87 | 16% | 79 | 15% | 74 | 13%  |
|  Officer | 263 | 49% | 247 | 47% | 217 | 38%  |
|  Staff | 154 | 29% | 172 | 33% | 242 | 43%  |
|  Jumlah
Total | 538 | 100% | 528 | 100% | 565 | 100%  |

# PENDIDIKAN DAN PELATIHAN [F.22]

Perseroan senantiasa berupaya untuk mengoptimalisasi pengelolaan SDM dengan melakukan berbagai program pengembangan kompetensi serta memotivasi karyawan guna mendukung pertumbuhan bisnis Perseroan ke depannya. Untuk itu, Perseroan secara berkesinambungan melakukan serangkaian program pendidikan dan pelatihan untuk mengembangkan kompetensi karyawan.

Perseroan berkomitmen untuk menyediakan sarana dan fasilitas pengembangan SDM kepada karyawan dengan prinsip kualitas SDM akan menentukan kualitas hasil usaha. Program pengembangan SDM dapat berupa pengembangan kompetensi dan pengembangan karier.

Pengembangan kompetensi adalah kegiatan berupa peningkatan pengetahuan umum dan operasional yang relevan dengan tugas maupun perkembangan industri. Program pengembangan kompetensi dapat berupa pendidikan formal dan informal, pelatihan, workshop, sharing knowledge dan seminar.

# EDUCATION AND TRAINING [F.22]

The Company strives to optimize its HR management by conducting various competence development programs and motivating employees to support the Company's business growth in the future. To that end, the Company continuously holds a series of education and training programs to develop employee competencies.

The Company is committed to providing HR development tools and facilities with the basis that HR quality will determine the quality of business results. HR development programs can be in the form of competence development and career development.

Competence development is an activity in the form of increasing general and operational knowledge that is relevant to the task and industrial development. Competency development programs can be in the form of formal and informal education, training, workshops, knowledge sharing, and seminars.

Laporan Keberlanjutan 2021 Sustainability Report
PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi Tbk