Profil Perusahaan
Company Profile
Tata Kelola Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Governance
Kinerja Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Governance
Lampiran
Appendices

dibantu oleh organ pendukung berupa Komite Audit dan Komite Investasi CAPEX. Sesuai dengan Peraturan OJK No.34/POJK.04/2014 tentang Komite Nominasi dan Remunerasi Emiten dan Perusahaan Publik, dimana setiap emitten atau perusahaan publik harus memiliki fungsi Nominasi dan Remunerasi, maka berdasarkan Keputusan Dewan Komisaris No.005/DEKOM-DMT/01/2021 tertanggal 25 Agustus 2021, bahwa fungsi Nominasi dan Remunerasi akan dilakukan oleh Dewan Komisaris Perusahaan. Sementara itu, Direksi dibantu oleh Sekretaris Perusahaan dan Unit Audit Internal.

1. Rapat Umum Pemegang Saham, yang selanjutnya disebut RUPS adalah Organ Perseroan yang mempunyai wewenang yang tidak diberikan kepada Direksi atau Dewan Komisaris dalam batas yang ditentukan dalam Undang Undang dan/atau Anggaran Dasar.
2. Dewan Komisaris adalah Organ Perseroan yang bertugas melakukan pengawasan secara umum dan/atau khusus sesuai dengan Anggaran Dasar serta memberi nasihat kepada Direksi.
3. Direksi adalah Organ Perseroan yang berwenang dan bertanggung jawab penuh atas pengurusan Perseroan untuk kepentingan Perseroan, sesuai dengan maksud dan tujuan Perseroan serta mewakili Perseroan, baik di dalam maupun di luar pengadilan sesuai dengan ketentuan Anggaran Dasar.

Implementasi GCG Perseroan mengacu pada optimalisasi peran dan hubungan antara Organ Perseroan yaitu RUPS, Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi yang saling menghormati tugas, tanggung jawab dan wewenang masing-masing sesuai peraturan perundang-undangan dan Anggaran Dasar Perseroan.

# TATA KELOLA KEBERLANJUTAN

Mitratel berkomitmen untuk mendukung upaya-upaya untuk mewujudkan pembangunan berkelanjutan di Indonesia. Perseroan memberikan perhatian yang besar terhadap aspek ekonomi, lingkungan, sosial dan tata kelola.

Sebagai perusahaan publik, Mitratel juga harus menaati ketentuan yang terdapat dalam Peraturan OJK No. 51/POJK.03/2017 tentang Penerapan Keuangan Berkelanjutan

of its duties, the Board of Commissioners is assisted by supporting organs in the form of the Audit Committee and the CAPEX Investment Committee. In accordance with OJK Regulation No.34/POJK.04/2014 on the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for Issuers or Public Companies, where each issuer or public company is required to have a Nomination and Remuneration function, then based on the Decision of the Board of Commissioners No.005/DEKOM-DMT/01 /2021 dated 25 August 2021, that the Nomination and Remuneration function will be performed by the Company's Board of Commissioners. Meanwhile, the Board of Directors is assisted by the Corporate Secretary and the Internal Audit Unit.

1. General Meeting of Shareholders, hereinafter referred to as GMS, is the Company's Organ which has the authority not granted to the Board of Directors or the Board of Commissioners within the limits specified in the Law and/or Articles of Association.
2. The Board of Commissioners is the Company's Organ in charge of carrying out general and/or specific supervision in accordance with the Articles of Association and providing advice to the Board of Directors.
3. The Board of Directors is the Company's Organ which is authorized and fully responsible for the management of the Company for the benefit of the Company, in accordance with the purposes and objectives of the Company and represents the Company, both inside and outside the court in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association.

The implementation of the Company's GCG refers to optimizing the roles and relationships between the Company's organs, namely the GMS, the Board of Commissioners, and the Board of Directors. respect each other's duties, responsibilities, and authorities in accordance with the laws and regulations and the Company's Articles of Association.

# SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Mitratel is committed in supporting efforts to achieve sustainable development in Indonesia. The Company pays great attention to economic, environmental, social, and governance aspects.

As a public company, Mitratel must also comply with the provisions contained in OJK Regulation No. 51/POJK.03/2017 on the Implementation of Sustainable

PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi Tbk
Laporan Keberlanjutan 2021 Sustainability Report