Tentang Laporan Keberlanjutan
About This Sustainability Report
Sambutan Direktur Utama
Remarks from the Chief Executive Officer
Ikhtisar Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Overview

|  No | Jenis Kegiatan
Type of Activity | Tujuan
Pembangunan
Berkelanjutan
Sustainable
Development Goal | Pergelasan
Description | Capaian
Achievement  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  8 | 10 Agustus 2021- Mitratel Menyalurkan Bantuan 2 Unit Ventilator kepada RSU PKU Muhammadiyah Gubug Grobogan, dalam Mendukung Percepatan Penanganan Pasien Covid-19.

10 August 2021 – Mitratel donated 2 ventilators to the Director of RSU PKU Muhammadiyah Gubug Grobogan to Expedite the Treatment of Covid-19 Patients. |  | Komisaris Utama, Direktur Utama dan Para Direksi Mitratel menyalurkan bantuan 2 Unit Ventilator kepada Direktur RSU PKU Muhammadiyah Gubug – Grobogan.

Bantuan ini merupakan dukungan perusahaan dalam percepatan penanganan pasien Covid-19, serta mampu menurunkan tingkat risiko kematian.

Mitratel mengapresiasi setinggi-tingginya terhadap nakes yang berada di garda terdepan.

The President Commissioner, President Director, and Directors of Mitratel donated 2 ventilators to the Director of RSU PKU Muhammadiyah Gubug – Grobogan.

This was a form of the Company's support to expedite the treatment of Covid-19 patients and reduce mortality rates.

Mitratel extends its utmost appreciation to the health workers that have been toiling at the frontline. | 2 unit ventilator diserahkan kepada RSU Muhammadiyah Gubug Grobogan.

2 ventilators were donated to Muhammadiyah Hospital in Gubug Grobogan.  |
|  9 | Agustus 2021- Mitratel Berbagi bersama Legiun Veteran dalam Menyambut dan Merayakan Hari Kemerdekaan RI ke-76.

August 2021 – Mitratel Sharing Event with the Veterans’ Legionnaire in Commemorating the 76th Anniversary of the Independence Day of the Republic of Indonesia |  | Kegiatan ini merupakan bentuk kepedulian Mitratel terhadap para legiun veteran sebagai rangkaian kegiatan dalam menyambut dan merayakan Hari Kemerdekaan RI ke 76.

This activity was a form of Mitratel's attention to the Veterans' Legionnaire as part of the series of events held to commemorate the 76th Anniversary of the Independence Day of the Republic of Indonesia. | Legiun Veteran mendapatkan donasi untuk pemenuhan kebutuhan sehari-hari.

The Veterans' Legionnaire received donation to cover daily expenses.  |
|  10 | Desember 2021 – Mitratel Berbagi Perangkat Gamelan kepada Balerung Bali.

December 2021 – Mitratel Donated a Set of Gamelan to Balerung Bali. |  | Kegiatan ini dalam rangka melestarikan budaya nasional khususnya di Bali yang sangat terdampak karena pandemi yang membuat terpuruknya pariwisata.

This event was intended to preserve the national culture, especially in Bali, which had been immensely affected by the pandemic with the plummeting tourism industry. | Dukungan seperangkat alat gamelan dan peralatan tari lainnya dalam rangka mengembangkan seni tari di Bali.

Support of a set of gamelan and other traditional dance equipment to foster the culture of the dance as an art performance in Bali.  |
|  11 | Desember 2021 – Mitratel Menyerahkan Bantuan Tanggap Darurat Erupsi Gunung Semeru.

December 2021 – Mitratel Extended the Emergency Relief for the Eruption of Mount Semeru |  | Crisis Management Team Mitratel melalui program Mitratel Berbagi mendatangi korban erupsi gunung Semeru dan memberikan dukungan dan bantuan logistik untuk pemulihan kondisi daerah yang terdampak.

Crisis Management Team of Mitratel through the Mitratel Sharing Program visited the people affected by the eruption of Mount Semeru and extended logistical support for the recovery of the affected areas. | Pemberian bantuan logistik bagi warga sekitar gunung Semeru yang terdampak.

Logistical assistance for affected inhabitants around Mount Semeru.  |

90 Laporan Keberlanjutan 2021 Sustainability Report
PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi Tbk