Tentang Laporan Keberlanjutan
About This Sustainability Report
Sambutan Direktur Utama
Remarks from the Chief Executive Officer
Ikhtisar Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Overview

Di samping itu, Perseroan juga memberikan fasilitas dan benefit lain yang jenis dan besarannya disesuaikan dengan jenjang jabatan karyawan

Mitratel berkomitmen untuk memperhatikan kesejahteraan pegawai. Perseroan memastikan telah memenuhi ketentuan normatif dari peraturan perundang-undangan yang terkait dengan ketenagakerjaan dan remunerasi.

Perseroan meyakini, strategi remunerasi yang tepat juga menjadi faktor penting dalam upaya mempertahankan talenta terbaik Perseroan.

Perseroan menetapkan kebijakan remunerasi karyawan dengan prinsip fairness yang didasarkan pada perkembangan karier, kontribusi dan kinerja setiap karyawan, melalui metode 3P yaitu:

a. Pay for Person untuk menghargai kompetensi individu.
b. Pay for Position untuk menghargai level posisi.
c. Pay for Performance untuk menghargai pemenuhan target yang telah ditetapkan.

Selain itu Perseroan juga selalu menjaga keseimbangan kebijakan remunerasinya dengan kondisi keuangan Perseroan, serta memperhatikan praktik dan standar yang berlaku di industri.

In addition, the Company also provides other facilities and benefits, the type and amount of which is adjusted to the level of the employee's position

Mitratel is committed to paying attention to the welfare of the employees. The Company ensures that it has complied with the normative provisions of the laws and regulations related to employment and remuneration.

The Company believes that the suitable remuneration strategy is also a crucial factor to retain the best talents of the Company.

The Company establishes an employee remuneration policy with the principle of fairness based on career development, contribution, and performance of each employee, through the 3P method, namely:

a. Pay for Person to reward individual competence.
b. Pay for Position to appreciate position level.
c. Pay for Performance to reward the fulfillment of predetermined targets.

In addition, the Company also always maintains the balance of its remuneration policy with the Company's financial condition, and observes applicable practices and standards in the industry.

Struktur dan komponen remunerasi karyawan Mitratel terdiri dari:

Mitratel's employee remuneration structure and components consist of:

|  Struktur
Structure | Komponen
Component |   |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Kompensasi
Compensation | • Gaji Penuh/Take Home Pay
• Tunjangan Hari Raya (THR) | • Full Salary/Take Home Pay
• Religious Holiday Allowance(THR)  |
|  Benefit | • Tunjangan Pajak Penghasilan serta
Jaminan Sosial BPJS Kesehatan dan
BPJS Ketenagakerjaan
• Bantuan Perumahan
• Bantuan Perusahaan Fasilitas
Kendaraan Jabatan (BPFKJ)
• Bantuan Operasional
• DPLK atau Dana Pensiun
• Fasilitas Kesehatan
• Bonus Kinerja | • Income Tax and Social Security (BPJS
Kesehatan and BPJS Ketenagakerjaan)
Benefits
• Housing Assistance
• Company Assistance in the Form of Vehicle
Facilities (BPFKJ)
• Operational Assistance
• DPLK or Pension Funds
• Health Facilities
• Performance Bonus  |

Laporan Keberlanjutan 2021 Sustainability Report
PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi Tbk