Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
146
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI
Green
Initiative
Human Capital Management: BRILian Individual
Promoting Respect for Human Rights
TJSL: People and Communities Around BRI
Risk Management
Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics
Associations and Frameworks

# Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics

Integrity is a fundamental value that every BRI employee must uphold in the workplace. A strong commitment to integrity enhances the company performance, drives innovation, and fosters a professional work culture. It is nurtured through a supportive work environment, robust management and controls, and inspirational leadership.

# Bank and BRILian Individual Code of Ethics

## BRI's Code of Ethics [2-23]

The principles of good corporate governance are outlined in the BRI Board of Directors Circular and Book 6 of the BRI Code of Ethics, which provides policies and guidelines for implementing the company's ethical standards. The Code of Ethics is structured into two key components: the Bank's Code of Ethics and the BRILian Individual Code of Ethics. The Bank's Code of Ethics serves as a framework for corporate business ethics and conduct, while the BRILian Individual Code of Ethics established ethical standards and behavioural guidelines for employees at an individual level. [2-23][2-24]

|  Bank's Code of Ethics | BRILian Individual Code of Ethics  |
| --- | --- |
|  1 Compliance with laws and regulations, including the implementation of Anti-money laundering (AML), counter-terrorism financing (CFT), and counter-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) measures. | 1 Compliance with laws, regulatory policies, and internal bank regulations.  |
|  2 Fair treatment and adherence to mutual respect policy in the workplace interactions among BRI employees. | 2 Protection of the bank's assets, ensuring information security, preventing insider trading, and reporting violations through the Whistleblowing System (WBS).  |
|  3 Protection of customer data and confidentiality of personal information. | 3 Fair treatment of customers and safeguarding the confidentiality of customer data.  |
|  4 Commitment to fair competition, anti-monopoly practices, and equitable treatment of business partners. | 4 Ethical relationships with competitors and business partners.  |
|  5 Value creation for stakeholder by safeguarding shareholder rights, ensuring transparency, maintaining open communication. | 5 Relationship with Colleagues, (including BRI Group Employees): complying with respectful workplace policies.  |
|  6 Integrity and accuracy in bank reporting. | 6 Relationship with regulators;  |
|  7 Respect for human rights, proactive climate action, and strict neutrality in political activities. | 7 Active participation in social and environmental responsibility;  |
|  8 Ethical conduct in corporate operations across the BRI Group. | 8 Strict control over gratuities, bribery, and corruption.  |
|  9 Prevention and Control of gratuities, bribery, and corruption. |   |

Comprehensive information on BRI's ethical policies, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery measures, non-discrimination, information confidentiality, conflict of interest management, anti-monopoly and fair competition principles, as well as policies on money laundering, human trafficking, environmental responsibility, health and safety, and the Whistleblowing System (WBS) is available at https://www.ir-bri.com/esg/code_of_conduct.html.

# BRI's Commitment to Support Climate Change Policy

As a signatory to the Paris Agreement, Indonesia continues to enhance its climate change mitigation efforts, including setting a national Net Zero Emissions (NZE) target by 2060 or earlier, as outlined in its Enhanced Nationally Determined Contribution (ENDC). One of the key approaches to achieving this NZE target is the effective management of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In alignment with national commitments, BRI has developed a climate adaptation and mitigation plan, setting its NZE target for 2050 based on the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). BRI is also the first financial institution in Indonesia to have a Near-Term Target validated by SBTi, aligning with the Paris Agreement's goal of limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degree Celsius.

# BRI Support in Climate Change Association and Advocacy

Achieving the NZE target requires collaboration and support from various stakeholders, including businesses, academia, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), the government, and regulators. As Indonesia's first financial institution to commit to the NZE target through Science Based Target Initiatives (SBTi), BRI actively supports and participates in industry associations that promote climate change mitigation initiatives. In parallel, the Republic of Indonesia's Ministry of Trade has established KADIN (Indonesian Chamber of Commerce and Industry) as a platform for business players to engage in communication, information exchange, representation, consultancy, and advocacy. BRI is a member of PERBANAS (Perhimpunan Bank-Bank Nasional Indonesia), one of the KADIN registered associations representing Indonesia's National Banks.

As a member of Perbanas, BRI actively participates in climate change policy evaluations to ensure alignment with preventive and mitigation strategies. Evaluations conducted within PERBANAS indicate that the organization's policies are consistent with the climate change prevention commitments outlined in the Paris Agreement.

# Management System

For each new association participation registered with KADIN, BRI ensures that the association's objectives align with the Paris Agreement's goal of reducing global warming. To uphold this commitment, BRI takes the following measures:

- Appointing a representative or work unit to oversee and represent BRI's involvement in the association.
- Engaging in discussion and communication with the association.
- Ensuring that the association's policies and initiatives do not contradict the commitments outlined in