Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
129
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI
^{}[]
BRI Green Initiative
Human Capital Management: BRILiaN Individual
Promoting Respect for Human Rights
TJSL: People and Communities Around BRI
Risk Management
Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics
Associations and Frameworks
^{}[]
# Human Capital Management: BRILiaN Individual
^{}[]
# Promotion of OHS and Emergency Response Culture [GRI 403-4] [GRI 404-5]
^{}[]
BRI conducts regular safety awareness programs training sessions to ensure that all employees are well-versed in safety protocols, enabling them to proactively identify and mitigate potential hazards.
Beyond conducting risk assessments, BRI invests in comprehensive safety measures to reduce workplace risks. This includes portable fire extinguishers (APAR), OHS boxes in every room corner, first aid stations, BRIMEDIKA clinics, and rubber boats in areas highly susceptible to flooding. The executive management's strong commitment to OHS reflected in risk awareness programs, reinforcing a culture of safety, regulatory compliance, and workplace well-being.
Regarding disaster risk management, BRI regularly conducts emergency preparedness drills and awareness programs based on specific risks associated with each work area. This includes ensuring that all employees are familiar with the Emergency Response Plan and that designated response teams, such as the Crisis Management Team (CMT), Emergency Safety Committee (ESCC), Building Management (BM) Sentra BRI Headquarters, and Floor Wardens, are adequately trained to respond to emergencies or disasters.
To foster a culture of safety awareness and emergency preparedness, BRI continues to promote risk awareness through various communication channels, including official notices, standing banners, infographics, videos, webinars, and training sessions, conducted both in-person and virtually.
To ensure compliance with Occupational Health and Safety Management System (SMK3) regulations, BRI underwent SMK3 certification in August 2023. Based on an assessment conducted by PT MSI, BRI achieved a score of  $94.26\%$ , earning the "Satisfactory" designation. This certification is valid for three years, until 2026. As a result of this outstanding achievement, BRI is entitled to receive the SMK3 Gold Certification.
^{}[]
# Employee Well-being and Mental Health Management
^{}[]
# BRILiaN Communities
^{}[]
BRI is dedicated to supporting employee well-being and mental health, fostering a work culture that enhances engagement, productivity, and loyalty in alignment with its Core Values of AKHLAK (Amanah, Kompeten, Harmonis, Loyal, Adaptif, Kolaboratif). [5983-5]
BRILiaN Community is an innovative approach to community management, designed to strengthen collaboration and engagement among BRILiaN employees. By fostering informal communication, the initiative contributes to a healthy and productive work environment, to ultimately supporting business performance.
The key objectives of the BRILiaN Community are:
- To support work-life balance, enhance collaboration, and promote employee engagement in creating a positive and productive workplace.
- To serve as a communication platform where leaders can share company insights and employees can voice their aspirations.
- To manage activities and databases for BRILiaN talents in Sports, Arts, Social, and Religious fields.
- BRILiaN Community members can take on influential roles, leading positive campaigns to enhance BRI's corporate image, products/services, employer branding, and build relationships with external partners.
The platform provides BRILiaN employees with opportunities to connect, share, and learn together, fostering a culture of collaboration, innovation, and holistic well-being within BRI's workplace. To reinforce employee engagement, BRI provides facilities and infrastructure to support community activities, ensuring that employees feel valued, motivated, and competent. This sense of inclusion translates into enhanced performance and productivity, directly contributing to the company's success.
Beyond serving as an outlet for hobbies, the BRILiaN Community empowers Insan BRILiaN to participate in prestigious competitions, achieve accolades, and bring recognition to BRI. These community-based initiatives are managed across regional and branch offices, ensuring broad accessibility and engagement for all Insan BRILiaN within BRI.