Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
245
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
# Assurance
^{}[]
CBC
GLOBAL
INDONESIA
^{}[]
AA1000
Licensed Report
000-310/V3-AT81Y
^{}[]
# INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
^{}[]
PT. Bank Rakyat Indonesia Tbk.
Sustainability Report 2024
Statement No: 015/IAS/CBC/I/2025
Type 2, Moderate Level
^{}[]
# Scope of Engagement in Assurance
^{}[]
CBC Global Indonesia ("CBC Global Indonesia", "us" or "we") were commissioned by PT. Bank Rakyat Indonesia Tbk. ("bank BRI") with the objective to provide assurance of bank BRI's 2024 Sustainability Report (the "Report") in relation with accordance to GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Universal Standards and GRI-G4 FS), POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, SUSBA, TCFD, and the adherence to AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018) with assurance over the Subject Matter presented in the Report, for the reporting year ended 31st December 2024. This statement is intended to be used by stakeholders &amp; management of bank BRI.
^{}[]
The scope and limitation of our work is restricted to the following areas:
^{}[]
# 1. Subject Matters
^{}[]
- Customer Excellence
- Sustainable Finance (include climate risk)
- GCG Implementation
- Financial Inclusion &amp; Literation
- Cybersecurity
^{}[]
# 2. AA1000 Principles (2018)
^{}[]
Our assurance engagement was planned and performed to meet the requirements of a Type 2 "moderate level" of assurance as defined by AA1000 Assurance Standard (AA1000AS) v3 to evaluate the nature and extent of bank BRI's adherence to all four AA1000 AccountAbility Principles (2018): Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness and Impact, where sufficient evidence has been obtained to support our statement such that the risk of our conclusion being in error is reduced, but not reduced to very low, but not zero.