Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
2.47
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
CBG
GLOBAL
Indonesia
^{}[]
AA1000
Licensed Report
000-310/V3-AT81Y
^{}[]
# Methodology

We conduct the following assurance procedures and activities:

- Pre-engagement to ensure the independence and impartiality of the assurance team.
- Kick-off meeting and initial analysis of the report draft.
- Review, assess and evidence the reliability and quality of sustainability performance and disclosed information as specified in the Report content for the reporting period of 1st of January up to 31st of December 2024.
- Evaluate the adherence of report content, disclosure and presentation against the criteria of standard, principles, and indicators using references from AA1000AS v3, AA1000AP (2018) (AccountAbility Principles), GRI Universal Standards and GRI G4 Financial Services Sector Disclosure (GRI-G4 FS), POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, and TCFD. Adopt IPCC Guidelines for calculation methodology of energy used and emission.
- Conduct in-depth interview on compliance, governance, risk management, business continuity management topics with the representatives of the relevant functions/divisions of the bank BRI concerning sustainability strategy and policies for material issues and the implementation of these across the bank BRI's business.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the engagement in order to design procedures that are appropriate in the sustainability program and strategy.
- Obtained an understanding of how the identified sustainability information is gathered, collated and aggregated internally and enquiries of management of bank BRI to gain an understanding of the processes for determining material issues for key stakeholder groups, internally and externally.
- Performed limited substantive testing, on a sample basis, of the sustainability information identified, to verify the assumptions, estimations and computations bank BRI made and to check that data had been appropriately measured, recorded, collated and reported.
- Compare the subject matter presented in the report to corresponding information in the relevant underlying sources on a sample basis.
- Evaluate the subject matter presented in the report to determine whether they are in line with our overall knowledge of, and experience with, the sustainability performance of the group.
- Discuss and analysis data and reports with management of bank BRI and data contributor to determine whether there are any material misstatement of fact or material inconsistencies based on our understanding obtained as part of our assurance engagement.