Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
246
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
CBC
GLOBAL
INDONESIA
^{}[]
AA1000
Licensed Report
000-310/V3-AT81Y
^{}[]
We have not performed any work, and do not express any conclusions, on any other information outside of the Subject Matter that may be published in the Report or on bank BRI's website for the current reporting period or for previous periods and assumed that the financial data and figures provided by bank BRI has been audited by independent parties therefore, presentation of financial data and figures in the report NOT within the scope of assurance.
^{}[]
Responsibilities of the Management of bank BRI
^{}[]
The Management of bank BRI is responsible for the preparation of the Subject Matter in accordance with the Reporting Criteria. The responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of Subject Matter information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
^{}[]
Responsibilities, Competencies and Independency of CBC Global Indonesia
^{}[]
Our responsibility is to plan and perform our work to obtain assurance over whether the Subject Matter information has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Universal Standard, GRI-G4 FS, POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, SUSBA, TCFD and to report to bank BRI in the form of an independent assurance conclusion, based on the work performed and the review progress. We must also express a conclusion over whether the Report adheres to the AA1000 Principles (2018) and comment on the nature and extent of each Principle individually. All this engagement was carried out by an independent team of sustainability assurance professionals whose already obtained the Certified Sustainability Report Assurer (CSRA) and any relevant certifications.
^{}[]
CBC Global Indonesia is bounded by rules of conduct and professional practice relating to independence and quality overseen by AccountAbility (www.accountability.org/standards/licensing/AA1000 as licensed-providers) and has established policies and procedures that are designed to ensure that our team maintain independence and integrity. We had no financial interest in the operation of bank BRI other than for the assessment and assurance of this report. We don't accept or assume responsibility (legal or otherwise) or accept liability for or in connection with any other purpose for which it may be used, or to any person by whom the independent assurance opinion statement may be read.