Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
249
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
CBG
GLOBAL
Indonesia
^{}[]
AA1000
Licensed Report
000-310/V3-AT81Y
^{}[]
# GRI STANDARDS PRINCIPLES
The Report has prepared in accordance with GRI Universal Standards and GRI-G4 FS, where all disclosure of each material topic is presented in the Report. The disclosures of management approach for each material topic in general is fairly disclosed. The Management of bank BRI has applied the principles for defining the report's quality (balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity, and reliability) and the principles for defining the report's content (stakeholder inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality, and completeness) and supporting documents were adequately presented during the assurance program.
# Adherence to POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, SUSBA and TCFD
The report has followed or complied to all POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, SUSBA, and TCFD reporting guidelines. In terms of the adherence against the regulations, bank BRI has developed and simplified more policies and initiatives on social and environment concerns. The bank BRI is advised to improve their risk and impact analysis on sustainability and also improve the assessment on high-risk lending sectors with negative impacts towards social and environment issues. In addition, the bank BRI should also update its sustainability reporting data collection system more comprehensively, integrated, and reliable.
# Opinion Statement
Our professional and certified team of sustainability report assurer has assured this report in accordance with the AA1000AP (2018), AA1000AS v3 and GRI Standards. From the review progress, we conclude that the bank BRI's Sustainability Report 2024 provides a fair view of the all the bank BRI's programs and performances during 2024. The extent to which the GRI Standards has been applied in the Report and conclude this report has been prepared in accordance with GRI Universal Standards.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion. We conclude that the data in 2024 for all material topics performance indicators are fairly represented and there is nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that the subject matter in the Report for the year ended 31 December 2024, in all material respects, is not prepared in accordance with the applicable criteria.