Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
56
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI
^{}[]
Navigating Climate Risk Through the Implementation of Sustainable Finance
Customer Service Excellence
Fostering Financial Inclusion and Literacy
Robust Cybersecurity
Good Corporate Governance Implementation
^{}[]
# Metric and Target
Building on this success, in 2023, BRI launched the Phase II Green Bond, raising IDR 6 trillion, with an oversubscription rate of 2.63 times. This issuance was divided into three series: Series A (370 days) with a coupon rate of 6.10%, Series B (2 years) with a coupon rate of 6.35%, and Series C (3 years) with a coupon rate of 6.30%. In 2024, BRI issued the Phase III Green Bond, raising IDR 2.5 trillion, with an oversubscription rate of 1.64 times. Similar to the previous issuance, this bond was structured into three series: Series A (370 days) with a coupon rate of 6.15%, Series B (2 years) with a coupon rate of 6.25%, and Series C (3 years) with a coupon rate of 6.25%.
|  Green Bonds | Listing[1] | Maturity | Value | Coupon  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Phase I Series A* | July 21, 2022 | July 30, 2023 | IDR 2.50 Trillion | 3.70%  |
|  Phase I Series B | July 21, 2022 | July 20, 2025 | IDR 2.00 Trillion | 5.75%  |
|  Phase I Series C | July 21, 2022 | July 20, 2027 | IDR 0.50 Trillion | 6.45%  |
|  Phase II Series A* | October 13, 2023 | October 22, 2024 | IDR 1.35 Trillion | 6.10%  |
|  Phase II Series B | October 13, 2023 | October 12, 2025 | IDR 4.15 Trillion | 6.35%  |
|  Phase II Series C | October 13, 2023 | October 12, 2026 | IDR 0.50 Trillion | 6.30%  |
|  Phase III Series A | March 20, 2024 | March 30, 2025 | IDR 1.23 Trillion | 6.15%  |
|  Phase III Series B | March 20, 2024 | March 20, 2026 | IDR 0.88 Trillion | 6.25%  |
|  Phase III Series C | March 20, 2024 | March 20, 2027 | IDR 0.38 Trillion | 6.25%  |
* matured
# Sustainability-linked Loan
On August 30, 2022, BRI successfully secured a syndicated loan in the form of SLL from a consortium of domestic and international banks amounting to one billion United States Dollars (USD 1,000,000,000). The facility was facilitated by the PT Bank HSBC Indonesia as the Facility Agent and coordinated by UOB. The loan withdrawals were executed in three tranches, each with distinct terms and maturities:
1. Facility A: A total of to USD 200,000,000, fully disbursed from 10 (ten) banks, with a Compound SOFR interest rate and a 12- (twelve) month loan term starting from September 15, 2022, maturing on September 15, 2023.
2. Facility B: A total of USD 300,000,000, fully disbursed from 9 (nine) banks, with a Compound SOFR interest rate and a 36 (thirty-six) month loan term starting from September 15, 2022, maturing on September 15, 2025.
3. Facility C: A total of to USD 500,000,000, fully disbursed from 11 (eleven) banks, with a Compound SOFR interest rate and a 48 (forty-eight) month loan term starting from September 15, 2022, maturing on September 15, 2026

# Inclusivity-based Securities
BRI has successfully raised funds aligned with environmental, social, and governance (ESG) principles through the issuance of inclusivity-based securities (Inclusivity-based Securities). The proceeds from these securities are allocated to finance small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), corporate SMEs, and low-income communities.
# Medium Term Notes BRI 2022
In November 2022, BRI issued Medium-Term Notes (MTN) as part of its commitment to sustainable finance. The proceeds from this issuance were fully allocated to inclusive financing, in compliance with Bank Indonesia Regulation No. 23/13/PBI/2021 on the Macroprudential Inclusive Financing Ratio for Conventional Commercial Banks, Islamic Commercial Banks, and Islamic Business Units. The regulation mandates financial institutions to enhance access to Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), MSME CoIDRorations, and/or Low-Income Individuals (PBR). The financing was provided in both Indonesian Rupiah and foreign currencies.
As part of this initiative, BRI issued Bank BRI Medium-Term Notes Phase I 2022 with a total issuance value of IDR 5 trillion, fully allocated to micro-segment financing. This issuance was structured into two series: Series A with a 2-year tenor and a 6.60% coupon rate, and Series B with a 3-year tenor and a 6.98% coupon rate.
|  MTN BRI 2022 | Recording Date | Due date | Value | Coupon  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Seri A | November 24, 2022 | November 24, 2024 | IDR 2.00 trillion | 6.60%  |
|  Seri B | November 24, 2022 | November 24, 2025 | IDR 3.00 trillion | 6.98%  |