Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
248
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
CBC
GLOBAL
Indonesia
^{}[]
AA1000
Licensed Report
000-310/V3-AT81Y
^{}[]
# Finding and Conclusions
^{}[]
From the assurance program and the evidence, we have obtained, a detailed review against the AA1000 AccountAbility Principles of Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness and Impact,
the GRI Universal Standards, GRI-G4 FS, POJK No.51/POJK.03/2017, SEOJK No.16/SEOJK.04/2021, SASB, and TCFD is set out below:
^{}[]
# INCLUSIVITY
^{}[]
An assessment was made to investigate the engagement of all key stakeholders within the bank BRI. The presentation of stakeholder's inclusivity in the report is fairly identified and covers all bank BRI's inclusivity material issues. The stakeholder's engagement has been held through communication based on various methods and approaches with the contributions of all key stakeholders includes their internal and external stakeholders to develop an accountable and strategic sustainability topic.
^{}[]
# MATERIALITY
^{}[]
An assessment was made to investigate the material information disclosed by the bank BRI. The report fairly covers the bank BRI's material issues by using materiality matrix and boundary mapping through the stakeholder's inclusivity process. The materiality topics shows in the report provide a fair and sufficient information and aligned with risk management within the company which enables its stakeholders to make a professional judgment about bank BRI's performance and management.
^{}[]
# RESPONSIVENESS
^{}[]
An assessment was made to investigate the transparency act of the bank BRI on material sustainability topics and their related impacts. The report covers bank BRI's responsiveness issues. All the information related to the responses from management to its stakeholder's inputs and complaints have been included in the report and any others company's mechanisms transparently and appropriateness the responses to a strategic stakeholder engagement management. Besides, the engagement with the Indonesia Sustainable Finance (IKBI) indicated the bank BRI's commitment towards sustainability issues.
^{}[]
# IMPACT
^{}[]
The Report content discloses data and information indicating the impacts of the bank BRI's decisions, activities, and services on the economy, environment, and society. An assessment was made to investigate the practice of the bank BRI to monitor, measure and be accountable for how their actions affect their broader ecosystems. In overall, disclosures of impacts in the Report content are rather balance and adequate with both metric and qualitative information. However, the Company still needs to integrate comprehensively the identified impacts into key management processes to conduct an impact assessment on the other stakeholders, including its organizational strategy, governance, goals, objectives, and operations.