Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
103
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI
^{}[]
Navigating Climate Risk Through the Implementation of Sustainable Finance
Customer Service Excellence
Fostering Financial Inclusion and Literacy
Robust Cybersecurity
Good Corporate Governance Implementation
^{}[]
# Governance

Committees under the Board of Directors

|  Committee | Responsibility | Committee Chair  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Risk Management Committee | The Risk Management Committee is responsible the following duties:
• Establishing the Risk Management Policy and its amendments, including the implementation of risk management policies, risk management strategies and contingency plans in response to abnormal external conditions.
• Defining and updating the risk measurement methodology as needed.
• Setting and revising risk limits.
• Determining the bank's Risk Profile and Health Level, and implementing follow-up actions when necessary.
• Defining corrective measures based on BRI's Individual capital analysis and stress testing.

The Integrated Risk Management Committee is responsible the following duties and:
• Establishing the Integrated Risk Management policy and its amendments.
• Defining corrective measures based on the evaluation of Integrated Risk Management implementation, which includes:
a. Integrated risk profile report,
b. Individual risk profile report of BRI's financial conglomerate member subsidiaries.
c. Integrated capital analysis.
d. Integrated and or individual stress testing simulation and contingency plan. | President Director  |
|  Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) Committee | • Approving and providing strategic direction on the results of reviews and evaluations regarding the implementation of policies and governance parameters for ESG and TJSL (CSR) initiatives, as prepared by the relevant Work Units and proposed by the Committee Support Team.
• Determining work programs that qualify as ESG and TJSL (CSR) initiatives based on the recommendations of the Committee Support Team.
• Approving and guiding the review and evaluation of work program implementation that align with ESG and TJSL (CSR) parameters, including the reporting of ESG-related data and information.
• Reviewing and Approving ESG Rating reports and addressing investor concerns or feedback from other Third Parties regarding BRI's ESG and TJSL (CSR) performance and implementation.
• Identifying and determining material issues based on the ESG Rating reports, Investor concerns or feedback from Third Parties regarding BRI's ESG and TJSL (CSR) performance.
• Approving follow-up plans based on review and evaluation results, to be proposed as a new work program and implemented by the relevant Work Units.
• Provide direction on ESG and TJSL (CSR) issues, including compliance with laws and regulations, alignment with global initiatives, adoption of best business practices, and other critical aspects related to ESG and TJSL (CSR) initiatives. | President Director  |
|  Lending Committee | Evaluate and or approve credit applications based on the amount and or type of credit specified by the Board of Directors. | Each credit committee comprises members from both the risk and business functions, with its structure and membership aligned with the applicable credit authority delegation  |
|  Asset & Liability Committee | • Establishing optimal asset and liability management strategies and policies by balancing potential risk, yield optimization, and cost efficiency.
• Determining key financial parameters, including deposit interest rates, loan product interest rates, base lending rates (SBDK), fund transfer pricing (FTP) interest rates, and other pricing structures that directly impact net interest income (NII). ALCO may delegate authority to a designated party to determine these matters in accordance with ALCO's decision.
• Defining the authority of the Deciding Officer in approving special interest rates for deposits, loans and/or other bank products.
• Establishing the net open position (NOP) policy.
• Monitoring asset and liability management to ensure alignment with decisions made in ALCO Meeting. | President Director  |