Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
150
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI
^{}[]
BRI Green Initiative
Human Capital Management: BRILiaN Individual
Promoting Respect for Human Rights
TJSL: People and Communities Around BRI
Risk Management
Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics
Associations and Frameworks

# Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics

## Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Program

To prevent the misuse of BRI as a medium or destination for money laundering and terrorism financing, BRI implements pre-employee screening as part of its Know Your Employee (KYE) policy. The bank continues to enhance its AML-CFT program, at both the internal and group levels. Some of the key enhancements implemented include:

1.  Advancing suspicious transaction monitoring systems by leveraging information technology and artificial intelligence (AI). This includes AI-driven Monitoring Transaction Systems using Graph Technology, Integrated AML CFT Screening which monitors screening lists during account opening and transactions, Risk-Based Approach (RBA) at the bankwide and Customer levels, AML CFT System for Suspicious Transaction Report (STR), Cash Transaction Reports (CTR), and International Fund Transfer Instruction (IFTI), Sipesat Reporting Tools, and compliance testing tools for response and impact analysis within BRIPEDIA.
2.  Enhancing database screening and customer identification through the the PEP PPATK application.
3.  Conducting risk assessments on Money Laundering (ML) and Terrorism Financing (TF) crimes using a risk-based approach, in alignment with the latest National Risk Assessment (NRA) and Sectoral Risk Assessment (SRA).
4.  Optimizing AML-CFT implementation at regional and branch offices by strengthening the role of Regional Risk Management &amp; Compliance and Branch Risk &amp; Compliance.

## Anti-Money Laundering, Countering the Financing of Terrorism, and Countering the Financing of the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction (AML, CFT, and CPF-WMD) Training

BRI has integrated the AML, CFT, and CPF-WMD program as mandatory training content for new employees and regular training sessions to enhance employees' understanding of AML, CFT, and CPF-WMD implementation. In 2024, BRI conducted awareness sessions through webinars covering key topics, including the AML CFT 3.1 System, Field Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) and Beneficial Ownership (BO) Recording in the NDS Application, and Customer Due Diligence (CDD)/EDD for Fund Transfers. Additionally, BRI has collaborated with the Professional Certification Institution (LSP) to provide Level 1 and Level 2 Compliance Certification and AML/CFT Certification for its Compliance workforce. [3-24]

## Political Participation, Social Contributions, and Sponsorship

BRI strictly prohibits the participation of the bank and its management in practical politics, as stated in the Bank's Code of Ethics and the BRILiaN Code of Ethics. The bank's social contributions are carried out through its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) program, while sponsorship activities are conducted either as part of the CSR initiatives or as commercial engagements in alignment with the company's strategic objectives.

## Anti-Fraud Policy [GRI 3-3]

BRI has implemented a comprehensive set of anti-fraud policies and strategies to uphold Good Corporate Governance (GCG). These policies reflect management's strong commitment to controlling potential fraud risks and underscore the zero-tolerance stance of the Board of Commissioners and the Board of Directors toward any form of fraud, whether from internal or external parties. The framework is outlined in the Director's Circular on the Guidelines for Implementing Operational Risk Management (Book V: Anti-Fraud Strategy).

Fraud oversight within BRI's internal operations is managed by the Fraud Management &amp; Recovery Desk, which operates under the Operational Risk Division and reports to the Director of Risk Management. Additionally, BRI involves the Directorate of Digital and Information Technology to strengthen fraud prevention efforts against external threats. [3-3]

Internally, BRI mandates that Directors, Commissioners, management staff, and all employees sign an anti-fraud commitment. Externally, BRI continuously enhances its technology infrastructure to strengthen fraud preventive measures. Furthermore, BRI provides legal assistance to employees facing third-party fraud allegations related to their official duties. However, this legal assistance and protection do not apply if the employee is the subject of a company-initiated report or has been found guilty by the Company.

BRI actively encourages employees to avoid involvement in fraudulent activities through awareness and socialization initiatives. While surveys on operational areas with potential gratification risks have not yet been conducted, BRI acknowledges that employees across all divisions are equally exposed to the risks of gratification. In 2024, BRI successfully conducted anti-fraud and anti-corruption training and awareness programs, reaching 100% of employees and governance bodies, including business partners. [206-1] [206-2] [3-24]