Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
226
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form |
^{}[]
# Bank BRI Subordinated Bonds IV Year 2024
^{}[]
^{}[]
# Introduction
^{}[]
PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk was established in 1895 and has consistently been a key driver of Indonesia's economy, especially in the micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) segment. BRI continues to strive to be at the forefront of improving societal well-being by supporting government policies related to increasing financial literacy to achieve national financial inclusion. BRI's dedication to the MSME segment is reflected in its 2025 vision to become "The Most Valuable Banking Group in Southeast Asia and Champion of Financial Inclusion."
^{}[]
In developing sustainable financial practices, BRI is committed to supporting the financial needs of the community through BRI-Link Agents spread across Indonesia, especially in the 3T regions (Frontier, Outermost, and Deprived). The role of BRI-Link Agents has become increasingly significant in providing access and formal financial services, with BRI having 740 thousand agents in over 58 thousand villages as of the end of December 2024.
^{}[]
To promote financial inclusion and enhance the integration of financial services for the public, BRI is developing a hybrid bank, combining digitalization in banking while continuing to provide conventional services to bring financial services closer to all segments of society. This strategy further strengthens the Ultra Mikro holding formed to improve community access in remote Regions to sustainable and integrated banking products.
^{}[]
^{}[]
# Issuance Details
^{}[]
In 2023, BRI issued Bank BRI Subordinated Bond IV Year 2023 with an issuance value of IDR 500 billion, and all proceeds are used for financing distribution to the micro and ultra-micro segments.
^{}[]
^{}[]
Summary of Bond Transaction
^{}[]
Name
Bank BRI Subordinated Bonds IV Year 2023
^{}[]
PUB
IDR 500 Billion
^{}[]
|  Series | Tenor | Listing Date | Due Date | Coupon | Dana  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  A | 5 Years | July 6, 2023 | July 6, 2028 | 6.45% | IDR 500 Billion  |
|  Rating | idAAA (Pefindo)  |   |   |   |   |
|  Listing | Indonesia Stock Exchange  |   |   |   |   |
^{}[]
^{}[]
# Summary of the Framework
^{}[]
In accordance with the designated use of funds outlined in the Prospectus for Bank BRI's Subordinated Bonds IV 2023, the proceeds from the issuance of these securities are entirely earmarked specifically for Inclusive Financing. This includes financing for MSMEs, MSME Corporations, and/or Low-Income Individuals (PBR), in accordance with Bank Indonesia Regulation No. 23/13/PBI/2021 regarding Macroprudential Inclusive Financing Ratios for Conventional Commercial Banks, Sharia Commercial Banks, and Sharia Business Units.
^{}[]
Inclusive Financing refers to the provision of funds by the Bank for MSMEs, MSME Corporations, and/or Low-Income Individuals (PBR) in both local currency and foreign currency.
^{}[]
^{}[]
# Reporting
^{}[]
# Allocation Reporting
^{}[]
BRI reports the allocation of proceeds periodically, at least once a year, within one year after the issuance by external experts.
^{}[]
# Impact Reporting
^{}[]
BRI issues periodic reports on the impact of projects/assets financed to the extent that it can be calculated and measured practically according to the review of external experts.
^{}[]