Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
222
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
^{}[]
INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
ESG Data Tables | Issued Securities Impact Reporting | Reporting Standard Indices | IDX Reporting Index | Assurance | Feedback Form
^{}[]
BR
^{}[]
# Medium Term Notes Bank BRI Year 2022

## Introduction

Since its establishment in 1895, PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk ("Bank BRI") has been a key driver of the Indonesian economy, particularly in the micro, small, and medium-sized enterprise (MSME) segment. BRI continues to contribute to improving the welfare of the community by supporting government policies to ensure financial literacy, especially financial inclusion, in order to achieve social and economic resilience. BRI's commitment to this is reflected in its vision for 2025 to become "The Most Valuable Banking Group in Southeast Asia and Champion of Financial Inclusion." Providing services to communities that are not yet fully digitized, especially in the three special 3T Regions (Frontier, Outermost, and Deprived), requiring special attention to enhance financial literacy, is one of the strategies consistently pursued by BRI.

As a manifestation of BRI's role in developing sustainable financial practices, BRI has launched financing policies considering Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) aspects. In order to promote financial inclusion, BRI strives to bring financial services closer to all layers of society. BRI currently has 627 thousand BRI-Link agents spread across more than 58 thousand villages.

With a focus on financial inclusion and new sources of growth, BRI completed the establishment of the Ultra Micro (UMI) holding in 2021. Its aim is to provide access to financial services to micro and ultra-micro communities in Indonesia. The ultra-micro holding was formed as an effort to provide sustainable and integrated services to all Indonesian citizens.

## Issuance Details

In 2022, BRI issued Medium Term Notes Bank BRI Year 2022 with an emission value of IDR 5 trillion in 2 (two) series, namely Series A and Series B and all funds were used to distribute financing to the micro and ultra-micro segments. Currently, the MTN that still has outstanding is MTN series B of IDR 3 trillion with the following details:

Summary of Bond Transaction

|  Name | Bank BRI Medium Term Notes Year 2022  |   |   |   |   |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  PUB | IDR 5 trillion  |   |   |   |   |   |
|  Series | Tenor | Listing Date | Due Date | Coupon | Value | Status  |
|  B | 2 Years | November 24, 2022 | November 24, 2024 | 6.60% | IDR 2 Trillion | Mature  |
|  C | 3 Years | November 24, 2022 | November 24, 2025 | 6.98% | IDR 3 Trillion | Eksisting  |
|  Rating | idAAA (Pefindo)  |   |   |   |   |   |
|  Listing | Indonesia Stock Exchange  |   |   |   |   |   |

## Summary of the Framework

As stated in the Use of Proceeds section of the Information Memorandum for the Medium Term Notes Bank BRI 2022, the proceeds from the issuance of these securities are allocated for inclusive financing as defined in Bank Indonesia Regulation Number 23/13/PBI/2021 concerning Macroprudential Inclusive Financing Ratios for Conventional Commercial Banks, Sharia Commercial Banks, and Sharia Business Units, as well as Regulation Number 24/3/PBI/2022 amending Bank Indonesia Regulation Number 23/13/PBI/2021 concerning Macroprudential Inclusive Financing Ratios for Conventional Commercial Banks, Sharia Commercial Banks, and Sharia Business Units, and Member of the Board of Governors Regulation Number 24/6/PADG/2022 concerning the Implementation Regulation for Macroprudential Inclusive Financing Ratios for Conventional Commercial Banks, Sharia Commercial Banks, and Sharia Business Units, in accordance with prevailing laws and regulations. Inclusive financing refers to the provision of funds by the bank to MSMEs, MSME Corporations, and/or MSME Cooperatives in both local and foreign currencies.

## Reporting

### Allocation Reporting

BRI reports the allocation of proceeds periodically, at least once a year, within one year after the issuance accompanied by a review report by external experts who are competent in their fields.

### Impact Reporting

BRI issues periodic reports on the impact of projects/assets financed to the extent that it can be practically calculated and measured practically according to the review of external experts who are competent in the field.