Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
147
^{}[]

INTRODUCTION
^{}[]
MATERIAL TOPIC
^{}[]
GENERAL TOPIC
^{}[]
APPENDICES
^{}[]
BRI

BRI Green Initiative
Human Capital Management: BRILiaN Individual
Promoting Respect for Human Rights
TJSL: People and Communities Around BRI
Risk Management
Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics
Associations and Frameworks

# Integrity in the Workplace: BRI's Commitment to Business Ethics

the Paris Agreement.

- Conducting a participant review if any of the association's strategies or policies are found to be misaligned with the Paris Agreement goals.

## Review and Monitoring System

BRI follows a structured approach to reviewing and monitoring its participation in an association to ensure their objectives and policies align with the Paris Agreement's goals. This process begins with a thorough examination of the association's publications, followed by discussion and, if necessary, surveys to gain deeper insights into its commitments and activities. BRI adopts a neutral stance on political matters and refrains from engaging in public policy lobbying at either the national or global level.

## Review and Monitoring Process:

Identifying BRI's participation in association listed in the Chamber of Commerce and Indonesian Industry (KADIN)
Identifying designated association(s) policy with Paris Agreement
Evaluating participation based on Paris Agreement Alignment
Disclosing BRI's participation in associations listed in the Chamber of Commerce and Indonesian Industry (KADIN)

## Handling System for Inconsistent Climate Positions

If an association's policies contradict climate change mitigation efforts, BRI, as a member, will actively encourage the association to implement necessary changes. Once revisions are made, BRI will assess the updated policies against the Paris Agreement's objectives. Should the association fail to adjust its policies in accordance with these objectives, BRI reserves the right to terminate its membership.

## Accountability System

BRI regularly publishes sustainability reports aligned with the Paris Agreement, showcasing its commitment to mitigating the impacts of climate change

|  Association Name | Registered in KADIN | Comply with the Paris Agreement  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Perhimpunan Bank-Bank Nasional Indonesia (PERBANAS) | Yes | Yes  |

## Code of Ethics System and Procedures

The BRI Code of Ethics applies to all BRI individuals at every level of the organization's structure. This includes the Board of Directors, the Board of Commissioners, and all employees, who are required to familiarize themselves with, understand, and adhere to the Code of Ethics in compliance with applicable regulations. The Compliance Director, in collaboration with the Compliance Division and the Regional Office RRM Team, is responsible for ensuring the internalization of the Code of Ethics across the organization.

Director of Compliance
Compliance Division
Regional Management and Compliance (RMC)

BRI mandates that the Board of Directors, Board of Commissioners, and all employees sign an Anti-Fraud Statement annually during the BRILiaN Improvement Forum. Additionally, an integrity pact is signed during the procurement of goods and services, involving the procurement organizing committee, relevant work units, vendors, and business partners [2-23][2-24]

Furthermore, all BRI individuals are required to submit an annual BRI Code of Ethics Declaration and disclose any conflicts of interest through the BRISTARS application or other designated platforms.

The Code of Ethics is disseminated and communicated to BRI's internal and external stakeholders. The commitment of the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners, serving as role models in implementing BRI's Code of Ethics, plays a crucial role in its successful adoption across all BRI personnel. To ensure effective implementation, BRI also conveys the company's Code of Ethics through: [2-23][2-24]

- the BRI official website (www.ir-bri.com/esg/code_of_conduct.html) which is publicly available to business partners;
- A dedicated Landing page on the BRISTARS application;
- Collective Labor Agreement between the BRI Workers' Union and BRI Management; [407-1]
- Posters, videos, and other internal media displayed within company offices

## Sanctions for Violating the Code of Ethics

Sanctions and investigation procedures for violations of the Code of Ethics are integral part of BRI's employee discipline regulations. The imposition of sanctions is determined based on the severity of the violation, categorized as minor, moderate, or serious, and may impact remuneration and individual performance assessments.

Disciplinary sanctions for Code of Ethics violations are classified into the following categories:

### 1 Developmental Measures

- Verbal Warning;
- Written Guidance;
- Written Warning; and
- Written Reprimand.

### 2 Position Sanctions

- Demotion by 1 Job Grade (TJ 1);
- Demotion by 2 Job Grades (TJ 2); and
- Termination of Employment (PHK).

Throughout 2024, 46 reported indications of violations were investigated and successfully resolved. However, during this reporting period, no reports were submitted by the public, including those related to environmental issues. Additionally, there were no legal settlements or contracts terminations with business partners, and no significant cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations resulted in fines or non-monetary sanctions.[2-27][359-3][FIN-CB-510x.1]