Sustainability Report 2024 PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.
10.4
^{}[]

三
中

INTRODUCTION

#

MATERIAL TOPIC

#

GENERAL TOPIC

#

APPENDICES

K

BR

Navigating Climate Risk Through the Implementation of Sustainable Finance

Customer Service Excellence

Fostering Financial Inclusion and Literacy

Robust Cybersecurity

Good Corporate Governance Implementation

# Governance

|  Committee | Responsibility | Committee Chair  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Information Technology Steering Committee | • Developing a Long-term Information Technology Strategic Plan aligned with the Bank's Corporate Plan and Business Plan.
• Formulating key Information Technology policies, standards and procedures.
• Ensuring alignment between approved Information Technology projects and BRI's ITSP.
• Maintaining Conformity of the current technology architecture (baseline) with BRI's targeted Information Technology architecture to enhance business capabilities.
• Ensuring Information Technology projects are executed in line with the agreed project plan.
• Supporting the needs of management information systems.
• Evaluating the effectiveness of risk mitigation measures related to IT investments, ensuring that these investments contribute to the Bank's business objectives.
• Monitoring Information Technology performance and implementing measures for continuous improvement.
• Resolving IT related issues that cannot be effectively managed by the Information Technology User and Operator Work Unit, ensuring resolution is effective, efficient and timely.
• Assessing the adequacy and allocation of IT resources to support the Bank. | Director of Digital Information Technology & Operations  |
|  Human Capital Committee | Human Capital Committee on Human Capital Planning & Policy:
• Set priorities for development strategies, policy direction and quality improvement of BRI's human capital with reference to the Bank's Business Plan (RBB) and BRI's Corporate Plan.
• Establish strategic policies in the field of human capital.
• Determine the remuneration of the Board of Commissioners and Directors of Subsidiary Companies.

Human Capital Committee on Talent:
• Determination of Employee mutation (promotion, rotation, demotion), including determination of management of Subsidiary and Affiliated Companies (Talent Committee 1).
• Determination of Talent Cluster, including identification and determination of top talent (Brilian Society Member) as determined by the Talent Committee.
• Determination of Succession Plan for all positions.
• Determination of Talent Pool based on Employee's field of expertise.
• Determining the decision on Talent Review. | Human Capital Committee for Human Capital Planning & Policy: President Director
Human Capital Committee on Talent:
• Talent Field 1 (for SEVP Level Employees, Corporate Band 1, Corporate Band 2, Class I Branch Managers, and Employees who will be assigned as Management of Subsidiary Companies): President Director.
• Talent Field 2 (for Corporate Band 3 level employees): Human Capital Director.
• Talent Division 3 (for Corporate Band 4, Corporate Band 5, Corporate Band 6, Corporate Band 7 employees with national scope among Work Units throughout Indonesia): Division Head, Human Capital Business Partner.
• Talent Field 4 (for employees with Corporate Band 4, Corporate Band 5, Corporate Band 6, Corporate Band 7 in the Regional Office / Regional Audit Office and its Supervision and Regional Risk Management Department including the ranks of RMC, CRA, BRC and URC):
• Regional CEO (for Employees with origin and destination of Work Unit which is Regional Office and its supervision and Regional Risk Management Department).
• Regional Chief Audit (for employees whose origin and destination is the Regional Audit Office).
• Regional CEO and Regional Chief Audit (Vice Chairman) for employees whose origin and destination are Regional Offices and Regional Audit Offices within the same Region.  |
|   | Human Capital Committee on Ethics & Discipline:
Decide cases of Disciplinary Violations by considering the recommendations given by the Examination Team according to the method or procedure stipulated in the provisions of the applicable Disciplinary Regulations. | Human Capital Committee on Ethics & Discipline
• Ethics and Discipline Committee 1 for Corporate Band 1 and Corporate Band 2 employees: President Director.
• Ethics and Discipline Committee 2 for Corporate Band 3 level employees: Director of Human Capital.
• Ethics and Discipline Committee 3 for Corporate Band 4 to Corporate Band 7 employees: Division Head, Human Capital Business Partner or Regional CEO or Regional Chief Audit.  |