These Consolidated Financial Statements are originally issued in Indonesian language

PT GIHON TELEKOMUNIKASI INDONESIA Tbk
DAN ENTITAS ANAK
CATATAN ATAS LAPORAN KEUANGAN KONSOLIDASIAN
UNTUK TAHUN YANG BERAKHIR 31 DESEMBER 2024
(Disajikan dalam ribuan Rupiah, kecuali dinyatakan lain)

PT GIHON TELEKOMUNIKASI INDONESIA Tbk
AND ITS SUBSIDIARY
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
(Expressed in thousand Rupiah, unless otherwise stated)

## 32. INSTRUMEN KEUANGAN - MANAJEMEN RISIKO KEUANGAN (Lanjutan)

## d. Estimasi Nilai Wajar (Lanjutan)

## 32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT - FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## d. Fair Value Estimation (Continued)

|   | 2024 (Lanjutan/Continued) |   | 2023 (Lanjutan/Continued)  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  Nilai Tercatat/Carrying Amount | Arus Kas Kontraktual/Contractual Cash Flow | Nilai Tercatat/Carrying Amount | Arus Kas Kontraktual/Contractual Cash Flow  |
|  Aset keuangan diukur pada nilai wajar melalui laporan laba rugi | - | - | 5.527.679 | 5.527.679  |
|  Piutang usaha | 28.180.542 | 28.180.542 | 29.358.797 | 29.358.797  |
|  Piutang lain-lain | 63.925 | 63.925 | 1.640 | 1.640  |
|  Pendapatan masih harus diterima | 4.249.243 | 4.249.243 | 2.986.070 | 2.986.070  |
|  Jumlah | 122.789.057 | 122.789.057 | 124.934.693 | 124.934.693  |
|  Liabilitas keuangan |  |  |  |   |
|  Utang usaha | 16.113.411 | 16.113.411 | 30.395.788 | 30.395.788  |
|  Utang lain-lain | 2.034.917 | 2.034.917 | 3.095.800 | 3.095.800  |
|  Biaya masih harus dibayar | 6.261.781 | 6.261.781 | 5.862.258 | 5.862.258  |
|  Liabilitas sewa | 15.101.679 | 16.541.357 | 29.966.994 | 32.369.387  |
|  Utang bank | 471.888.101 | 501.539.110 | 382.904.513 | 405.852.858  |
|  Jumlah | 511.399.889 | 542.490.576 | 452.225.353 | 477.576.091  |

Nilai wajar atas sebagian besar aset dan liabilitas keuangan mendekati nilai tercatat karena dampak pendiskontoan yang tidak signifikan.

Nilai wajar dari pinjaman jangka panjang dinilai menggunakan discounted cash flows berdasarkan tingkat suku bunga efektif terakhir yang berlaku untuk masing-masing pinjaman yang diutilisasi.

## e. Risiko Operasional

Risiko operasional adalah risiko kerugian yang diakibatkan oleh kurang memadainya atau kegagalan dari proses internal, faktor manusia dan sistem atau dari kejadian-kejadian eksternal. Risiko ini melekat dalam semua proses bisnis, kegiatan operasional, sistem dan layanan Grup.

## f. Manajemen Risiko Permodalan

Tujuan Grup dalam mengelola permodalan adalah untuk melindungi kemampuan Perusahaan dalam mempertahankan kelangsungan usaha, sehingga entitas dapat tetap memberikan imbal hasil bagi pemegang saham dan manfaat bagi pemangku kepentingan lainnya dan untuk mengelola struktur modal yang optimal untuk meminimalisasi biaya modal yang efektif. Dalam rangka mengelola struktur modal, Grup mungkin menyesuaikan jumlah dividen, menerbitkan saham baru atau menambah/mengurangi jumlah utang.

Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
Trade receivables
Other receivables
Accrued revenue
Total

Financial liabilities
Trade payables
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Lease liabilities
Bank loans
Total

The fair value of most of the financial assets and liabilities approximates their carrying amount, as the impact of discounting is not significant.

The fair value of long-term loans are estimated by using discounted cash flows applying the effective interest rate charged by the lenders for the last utilisation in each currency borrowings.

## e. Operational Risk

Operational risk is the risk of losses resulting from inadequate internal processes or a failure of such processes, human factors and systems or from external events. This risk is inherent in all business processes, operations and services of the Group.

## f. Capital Risk Management

The objectives of the Group when managing capital are to safeguard the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to minimize the effective cost of capital. In order to maintain the capital structure, the Group may from time to time adjust the amount of dividends, issue new shares or increase/reduce debt levels.