Sambutan Direksi
Message from the Board of Directors
Profil Perusahaan
Company Profile
Tata Kelola Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Governance
Kinerja Keberlanjutan
Sustainability Performance

|  Kelompok Pemangku Kepentingan Stakeholders Group | Dasar Pemilihan Basis of Selection | Kebutuhan Pemangku Kepentingan Stakeholders Needs | Respons Terhadap Kebutuhan Pemangku Kepentingan Response to Stakeholders Needs | Frekuensi Pelaksanaan Implementation Frequency  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Government and Regulators | • Influence;
• Responsibility. | • Compliance with applicable regulations;
• Tax revenues and non-tax state revenues (PNBP);
• Fulfillment of Mining Business Licenses (IUP) requirements. | • Following the development of relevant regulations for the Company and its Subsidiaries and ensuring their compliance;
• Submitting mandatory reports to the government and regulators;
• Conducting certification and assessment by independent party;
• Fulfilling tax obligations and Non-Tax State Revenue (PNBP). | According to the appointed time.  |
|  Karyawan | • Pengaruh;
• Tanggung jawab;
• Ketergantungan;
• Perhatian. | • Pengelolaan ketenagakerjaan yang bertanggung jawab dan adil;
• Pengembangan kompetensi dan karier;
• Pemenuhan aspek kesehatan dan keselamatan kerja (K3). | • Menjaga pemenuhan kewajiban dan hak karyawan sesuai kebijakan dan peraturan ketenagekerjaan;
• Melaksanakan program pengembangan kompetensi dan karier tanpa diskriminasi dan sesuai pencapaian Key Performance Indicator (KPI);
• Memastikan tersedianya sarana dan/atau prasarana K3 di seluruh wilayah operasional;
• Menyediakan sarana pengaduan pelanggaran (whistleblowing system/WBS). | Sepanjang tahun.  |
|  Employees | • Influence;
• Responsibility;
• Dependency;
• Attention. | • Responsible and fair employment management;
• Competency and career development;
• Fulfillment of Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) aspect. | • Maintaining the fulfillment of obligations and rights, according to policies and employment regulations;
• Implementing competency and career development programs without discrimination and in accordance with Key Performance Indicators (KPI) achievement;
• Ensuring the availability of OHS facilities and/or infrastructure in all operational areas;
• Providing Whistleblowing System (WBS). | Throughout the year.  |
|  Mitra Usaha | • Ketergantungan;
• Tanggung jawab;
• Perhatian. | • Kepastian hukum;
• Pengadaan yang adil dan bertanggung jawab;
• Pemenuhan kontrak kerja. | • Melaksanakan tender yang transparan;
• Menjaga pemenuhan hak dan kewajiban dalam kontrak kerja;
• Menyediakan sarana pengaduan pelanggaran (whistleblowing system/WBS). | Sepanjang tahun.  |
|  Business Partners | • Dependency;
• Responsibility;
• Attention. | • Legal certainty;
• Fair and accountable procurement;
• Fulfillment of work contracts. | • Conducting transparent tenders;
• Maintaining the fulfillment of rights and obligations in the work contract;
• Providing Whistleblowing System (WBS) channel. | Throughout the year.  |
|  Pelanggan | • Ketergantungan;
• Tanggung jawab;
• Perhatian. | • Kualitas produk dan jasa;
• Keberlanjutan bisnis;
• Pemenuhan kontrak kerja. | • Melaksanakan pengawasan ketat terhadap kualitas produk dan jasa;
• Menyediakan akses informasi terkait produk dan jasa yang disediakan, serta perkembangan Perseroan beserta Entitas Anak;
• Menyediakan sarana pengaduan pelanggan. | Sepanjang tahun atau sesuai kebutuhan.  |
|  Customers | • Dependency;
• Responsibility;
• Attention. | • Quality of products and services;
• Business sustainability;
• Fulfillment of work contracts. | • Strictly supervising the quality of products and services;
• Providing access to information related to the products and services provided, and the development of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
• Providing customer complaint channel. | Throughout the year or as needed.  |
|  Masyarakat Lokal | • Tanggung jawab;
• Perhatian;
• Perspektif. | • Peningkatan kesejahteraan masyarakat;
• Penanganan dampak sosial dan lingkungan. | • Memberikan kesempatan kerja kepada masyarakat lokal;
• Melaksanakan program Pengembangan dan Pemberdayaan Masyarakat (PPM) dengan melibatkan partisipasi aktif dari masyarakat lokal;
• Melaksanakan kegiatan pelestarian lingkungan;
• Menyediakan sarana pengaduan bagi masyarakat terkait aspek sosial dan lingkungan. | Sesuai rencana pelaksanaan program atau sesuai kebutuhan.  |
|  Local Communities | • Responsibility;
• Attention;
• Perspective. | • Improvement of community welfare;
• Handling social and environmental impacts. | • Providing job opportunities to local communities;
• Implementing Community Development and Empowerment (CDE) programs by involving active participation of local communities;
• Conducting environmental preservation activities;
• Providing complaint channel for the community regarding social and environmental aspects. | According to the program implementation plan or as needed.  |
|  Media | Tanggung jawab. | Perkembangan kinerja. | • Menyediakan informasi yang relevan, jujur, dan tepat waktu melalui situs web Perseroan;
• Melaksanakan siaran pers dan/atau media gathering. | Sesuai kebutuhan.  |
|  Media | Responsibility | Performance development | • Providing relevant, honest, and timely information through the Company's website;
• Conducting press release and/or media gathering. | As necessary  |

PT Harum Energy Tbk
2023 Sustainability Report
13