# Komposisi dan Keberagaman Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi

Komposisi anggota Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi Unilever Indonesia terdiri dari beragam latar belakang, baik dari sisi usia, jenis kelamin, latar belakang pendidikan hingga pengalaman yang dibutuhkan dalam menunjang pelaksanaan tugas dan tanggung jawabnya.

Kami terus mempertahankan kesetaraan gender melalui representasi perempuan di level Direksi dan Dewan Komisaris. Pada akhir tahun 2024, dua dari enam Komisaris Perseroan adalah perempuan. Demikian pula dengan Direksi, yang memiliki dua direktur perempuan dari total enam Direksi.

Profil lengkap Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi Perseroan dapat dilihat pada bab Profil Perusahaan dalam Laporan Tahunan Unilever Indonesia 2024.

# Composition and Diversity of the Board of Commissioners and Directors

The composition of the Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors of Unilever Indonesia reflects a diverse range of backgrounds, including age, gender, educational background, and the experience required to support the effective execution of their duties and responsibilities.

We continue to foster gender equality through female representation at the Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners levels. By the end of 2024, two of the Company's six Commissioners are women. Similarly, the Board of Directors has two female directors out of a total of six.

The complete profile of the Company's Board of Commissioners and Directors can be seen in the Company Profile chapter of the 2024 Annual Report of Unilever Indonesia.

| Nama
Name | Gender | Usia (tahun)
Age (years old) | Pendidikan
Education | Keahlian dan
Pengalaman Kerja
Expertise and Work
Experience |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Dewan Komisaris | Board of Commissioners |
| Sanjiv Mehta
Presiden Komisaris
President Commissioner | Laki-laki
Male | 64 | S2
Master's
Degree | Keahlian dan
pengalaman kerja
Dewan Komisaris dapat dilihat pada bab Profil
Perusahaan bagian Profil
Dewan Komisaris dalam Laporan Tahunan Unilever Indonesia 2024.
Expertise and work
experience of the Board of Commissioners can be seen in the Company Profile chapter of the Board of Commissioners Profile section in 2024 Unilever Indonesia Annual Report. |
| Alexander Steven Rusli
Komisaris Independen
Independent Commissioner | Laki-laki
Male | 53 | S3
Doctoral
Degree |
| Alissa Wahid
Komisaris Independen
Independent Commissioner | Perempuan
Female | 51 | S2
Master's
Degree |
| Debora Herawati Sadrach
Komisaris Independen
Independent Commissioner | Perempuan
Female | 62 | S2
Master's
Degree |
| Fauzi Ichsan
Komisaris Independen
Independent Commissioner | Laki-laki
Male | 54 | S2
Master's
Degree |
| Ignasius Jonan
Komisaris Independen
Independent Commissioner | Laki-laki
Male | 61 | S2
Master's
Degree |

Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk