AA1000 Licensed Report 000-306/V3-LNGG1

TÜV Rheinland® Precisely Right.

- The Circular Letter of The Financial Services Authority Number 16/SEOJK.04/2021 on the Form and Content of the Annual Report of Issuers or Public Companies.
- Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
- United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).

# ASSURANCE STANDARD AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE

The independent assurance was conducted in accordance:

- AA1000AP (2018) Principles, covering the accountability principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, and impact (the “AA1000AP (2018) Principles”).
- AA1000AS v3 with assurance engagement: Type 2 and level of assurance: Moderate.

# LIMITATIONS

The assurance was performed at a moderate assurance level with reference to AA1000AS. The information and performance data subject to assurance is limited to the content of the Report and supporting data provided by the reporting organization. It implies that no significant errors were found during the assurance process and that there are limitations related to the unavoidable risks that may exist.

# ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY

We have evaluated the overall sustainability strategy, targets and commitments disclosed in the Report. We have performed an objective review of the reported information and evidence gathered against the criteria defined in the assurance standards, i.e. the accountability principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact. The processes and system controls applied by the Reporting Company in the disclosure of quantitative and qualitative information on sustainability performance, from source to aggregation, were evaluated. Analytical procedures, interviews, and data testing were performed on a sample basis to test the generation and collection of data for defined sustainability key performance indicators in accordance with Unilever Indonesia's corporate sustainability strategy, governance, and management systems as disclosed in the Report. Our work included interviews with Unilever Indonesia representatives, including senior management at the executive and functional levels, as well as relevant employees responsible for collecting, aggregating and reporting the data. The assurance work was performed by our multidisciplinary team of experienced professionals in the areas of corporate sustainability, climate change, environmental, social, governance and stakeholder engagement. The opinion expressed is based on a moderate level of assurance and at the level of materiality of the Assurer's professional judgment.

# ADHERENCE TO THE AA1000AS v3

## Inclusivity:

Unilever Indonesia ensures inclusiveness by proactively identifying and engaging with diverse stakeholder groups, whose concerns are systematically addressed throughout the Report. Its approach to stakeholder engagement is supported by formal strategies designed to foster ongoing communication and collaboration. This commitment comes from the highest levels of leadership within the organization. Engagement activities include a variety of formats, including customer and employee surveys, meetings, and group discussions. Each interaction is carefully documented, and dedicated personnel are responsible for managing the feedback received. In addition, Unilever Indonesia is transparent in