204
PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk
Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report

# Meningkatkan Kebersihan dan Kesehatan
## Improving Health and Hygiene

Lifebuoy continues to run campaigns to help mothers keep children healthy by educating the public into the importance of hand washing as a disease prevention step. In 2024, we launched the Lifebuoy Healthy Pesantren programme in collaboration with the Indonesian General Practitioners Association (PDUI). This programme provides health checks, hand washing with soap education, and peer learning in 2,000 Islamic boarding schools (pesantren) across the country, with a target of reaching one million students. This initiative is part of our efforts to raise awareness of hygiene and health in the pesantren environment.

We not only spread awareness of the importance of hygiene and health through programmes in the field, but also through digital channels, allowing it to reach more people. Through a partnership with Halodoc, we provide free telehealth care services and present the Lifebuoy Alert Family podcast on YouTube discussing various health topics, helping parents gain greater insight in maintaining their family's health. By the end of 2024, the initiative has reached 260,000 viewers. As part of the celebration of our long journey in protecting Indonesian families, Lifebuoy launched a short film entitled "90 Years of Protecting Indonesian Children to Achieve Dreams". In line with the launch of the short film, Handwashing with Soap (CTPS) education through the Lifebuoy SIAGA School Programme is also increasingly intensified to nurture the dreams of little doctors to become health heroes in the future. By 2024 we have reached 1 million children, with the hope that cleaner and more protected hands will help protect children's health and they can achieve their dreams.

## Pepsodent

Pepsodent meningkatkan komitmennya untuk menanggulangi penyakit mulut dengan mengedukasi masyarakat tentang pentingnya menyikat gigi dua kali sehari, siang dan malam serta menyediakan layanan konsultasi gigi dan mulut online "Tanya Dokter Gigi by Pepsodent" yang dapat diakses lewat QR code di kemasan Pepsodent Pencegah Gigi Berlubang. Layanan online ini didukung oleh dokter gigi yang tergabung di Persatuan Dokter Gigi Indonesia (PDGI), Asosiasi Fakultas Kedokteran Gigi Indonesia (AFDOKGI), dan Asosiasi Rumah Sakit Gigi dan Mulut Pendidikan Indonesia (ARSGMPI) di seluruh pelosok negeri. Hingga akhir tahun 2024, layanan tersebut telah menjangkau 143.756 penerima manfaat. Pada Hari Kesehatan Gigi dan Mulut Sedunia 2024, PDGI, AFDOKGI, ARSGMPI bersama Pepsodent melanjutkan rangkaian kampanye "Senyum Sehat Indonesia" yang memberikan manfaat ke 2 juta anak sekolah dan santri di Indonesia.

Guna memberikan manfaat yang lebih luas, Pepsodent menggandeng Halodoc sebagai ekosistem layanan kesehatan digital, menyediakan layanan konsultasi hingga pramedikasi masalah gigi dan mulut yang kredibel, mudah diakses, dan efisien. Layanan tersebut dapat diakses dengan memindai QR code yang tertera pada seluruh kemasan rangkaian produk Pepsodent Complete 8, Pepsodent Sensitive Expert, dan Pepsodent Kids. Nantinya pengguna akan mendapatkan voucher potongan harga hingga Rp25.000 sehingga memungkinkan mereka untuk berkonsultasi gratis di aplikasi Halodoc.

Di samping itu, Pepsodent juga meluncurkan Pepsodent Free AI Teledentistry, yang memberikan akses konsultasi gigi online secara gratis kepada siapa saja, di mana pun mereka berada. Inovasi tersebut telah memfasilitasi lebih dari 15.000 orang mendapatkan pemeriksaan gigi tanpa harus meninggalkan kenyamanan rumah mereka.

Pepsodent renews its commitment to combating oral diseases by educating the public into the importance of brushing their teeth twice a day, day and night, and providing an online dental and oral consultation service "Ask a Dentist by Pepsodent" which can be accessed via the QR code on the Pepsodent Cavity Prevention packaging. This online service is supported by dentists who are members of the Indonesian Dental Association (PDGI), the Association of Indonesian Dental Faculties (AFDOKGI), and the Association of Indonesian Dental and Oral Teaching Hospitals (ARSGMPI) throughout the country. By the end of 2024, the service has reached 143,756 beneficiaries. On World Oral Health Day 2024, PDGI, AFDOKGI, ARSGMPI together with Pepsodent continue the series of "Indonesia Healthy Smile" campaigns which provide benefits to 2 million school children and santri in Indonesia.

To provide wider benefits, Pepsodent has partnered with Halodoc as a digital health care service ecosystem, providing consultation services to pre-medication for dental and oral problems that are credible, easily accessible, and efficient. The service can be accessed by scanning the QR code listed on all packaging of the Pepsodent Complete 8, Pepsodent Sensitive Expert, and Pepsodent Kids product series. Later, users will get a discount voucher of up to Rp25,000, allowing them to consult for free on the Halodoc app. Additionally, Pepsodent also launched Pepsodent Free AI Teledentistry, which provides free online dental consultation access to anyone, wherever they are. This innovation has facilitated more than 15,000 people to obtain dental check-ups without having to leave the comfort of their homes.