# Tata Kelola Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi

Governance Structure of the Board of Commissioners and Directors

## Hubungan Kerja antara Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi

Dewan Komisaris memiliki tugas dan tanggung jawab untuk mengawasi pengelolaan Perseroan yang dilakukan oleh Direksi, termasuk memastikan penerapan prinsip-prinsip GCG. Dalam melaksanakan tugasnya, Dewan Komisaris memberikan rekomendasi dan masukan kepada Direksi secara berkesinambungan melalui rapat gabungan, interaksi dengan unit kerja yang mendukung operasional Direksi, atau konsultasi langsung dengan para Direktur, terutama terkait topik tertentu yang memerlukan perhatian khusus.

## Remunerasi Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi

[GRI 2-19, GRI 2-20]

## Kebijakan Remunerasi

Setiap anggota Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi berhak menerima kompensasi dari Perseroan atas kinerja yang telah mereka berikan. RUPS Tahunan (RUPST) memberikan wewenang kepada Dewan Komisaris untuk menentukan jumlah remunerasi Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi setiap tahunnya. Dewan Komisaris kemudian mengusulkan jumlah kompensasi berdasarkan rekomendasi dari Komite Remunerasi dan Nominasi yang akan disetujui dalam RUPST.

## Working Relationship between the Board of Commissioners and the Directors

The Board of Commissioners is tasked with overseeing the management of the Company by the Directors, ensuring the implementation of Good Corporate Governance (GCG) principles. In carrying out its duties, the Board of Commissioners continuously provides recommendations and insights to the Directors through joint meetings, interactions with operational support units, or direct consultations with individual Directors, particularly concerning matters that warrant special attention.

## Remuneration of the Board of Commissioners and Directors

[GRI 2-19, GRI 2-20]

## Remuneration Policy

Each member of the Board of Commissioners and Directors is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company as recognition for their services and performance. The Annual GMS (AGMS) grants the Board of Commissioners the authority to determine the remuneration of both the Board of Commissioners and the Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Commissioners then proposes the remuneration amounts, based on recommendations from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, for approval at the AGMS.

PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report