Laporan Keberlanjutan Unilever Indonesia adalah bentuk akuntabilitas dan transparansi Perseroan atas pengelolaan dampak operasional terhadap aspek ekonomi, lingkungan hidup, sosial dan penerapan tata kelola berkelanjutan atau Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) di seluruh proses bisnis Perseroan.

Dalam konteks Pembangunan Berkelanjutan (sustainable development), Laporan Keberlanjutan Perseroan juga memberikan gambaran kontribusi Unilever Indonesia terhadap Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Laporan Keberlanjutan Unilever Indonesia diterbitkan setiap tahun sebagai bagian tidak terpisahkan dari Laporan Tahunan Perseroan.

The Sustainability Report of Unilever Indonesia serves as a testament of the Company's accountability and transparency regarding the management of operational impacts on economic, environmental, social aspects, as well as the implementation of sustainable governance or Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) across all business processes of the Company.

Regarding Sustainable Development, the Company's Sustainability Report also provides an overview of Unilever Indonesia's contribution on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The Sustainability Report of Unilever Indonesia is published annually as an integral part of the Annual Report of the Company.

## Profil Laporan

### Report Profile

#### Entitas dalam Laporan
Entities in the Report
[GRI 2-2]

#### Meliputi aktivitas Unilever Indonesia sesuai dalam Laporan Keuangan Perseroan. Hingga akhir tahun 2024, Perseroan tidak memiliki Entitas Anak maupun Entitas Asosiasi.

Include Unilever Indonesia's activities as outlined in the Financial Statement of the Company. Until the end of 2024, the Company did not have any Subsidiary and Associate Entities.

#### Cakupan Pelaporan

Scope of the Report
[GRI 2-2]

#### Kegiatan Unilever Indonesia di kantor pusat, kantor perwakilan, pabrik, dan sentra distribusi.

Unilever Indonesia's activities at the head office, representative offices, factories, and distribution centres.

#### Periode Pelaporan

Reporting Period
[GRI 2-3]

#### 1 Januari – 31 Desember 2024

1 January - 31 December 2024

#### Pelaporan Tahun Sebelumnya

Previous Year's Reporting
[GRI 2-3]

#### 30 April 2024

30 April 2024

#### Siklus Pelaporan

Reporting Cycle
[GRI 2-3]

#### Tahunan, bersamaan dengan penerbitan Laporan Tahunan

On an annual basis, concurrent with the issuance of the Annual Report

PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report