|  Pelaporan Reporting | Penilaian Assessment | Investigasi Investigation | Sanksi Sanction  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Reporting channels through:
• Line manager to be escalated to Business Integrity Officer
• Business Integrity Officer
• Blue Umbrella e-mail: blue.Umbrella@unilever.com
• Hotline phone channel 021-50851416
• Website on www.unilevercodesupportline.come managed by a third party, which also manages the hotline phone channel. | Business Integrity Officer conducts the identification process, makes an initial assessment, and decides how the investigation should proceed, including appointing members of the investigation team. | Investigation is conducted by either an internal or external team, depending on the scale and type of case. The investigation results will be reviewed by the Business Integrity Officer and discussed with the Business Integrity Committee. | The Business Integrity Committee recommends actions or imposes sanctions that are commensurate with the nature and severity of the breach.  |

# Pelaporan Pelanggaran di Tahun 2024

Setiap laporan yang masuk ke whistleblowing system, akan tercatat dalam sebuah sistem manajemen kasus yang dapat diakses oleh tim Integritas Bisnis di kantor Unilever lokal, regional, maupun global. Kantor-kantor ini juga secara berkala mengawasi proses dan tindak lanjut dari kasus-kasus yang dilaporkan. Berikut adalah data mengenai laporan yang diterima pada 2024 dan penyelesaiannya:

## Whistleblowing in 2024

Every report received is recorded in a case management system accessible to Business Integrity teams at local, regional, and global Unilever offices. These offices also regularly monitor the process and follow up on reported cases. The data on reports received in 2024 and their completion are as follows:

|  Laporan Report | 2024 | 2023 | 2023  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Laporan yang diterima |  |  |   |
|  Report received | 59 | 33 | 33  |
|  Laporan yang diinvestigasi |  |  |   |
|  Report investigated | 36 | 39 | 33  |
|  Laporan yang diselesaikan* |  |  |   |
|  Report settled* | 43 | 39 | 32  |
|  Jumlah kasus yang terbukti |  |  |   |
|  Number of proven cases | 26 | 29 | 13  |
|  Bukan pelanggaran |  |  |   |
|  Not a violation | 20 | 4 | 19  |

Keterangan:
* Termasuk kasus dari tahun sebelumnya.

Notes:
* Including previous year's cases.

Sepanjang tahun 2024, Perseroan menerima 59 laporan internal, dengan 43 laporan telah diselesaikan. Sanksi terhadap pelanggaran termasuk antara lain penataran, peringatan, dan pemutusan hubungan kerja.

Throughout 2024, the Company received 59 internal reports, with 43 reports resolved. Sanctions for violations included upgrading, warning, and termination of employment.

PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report