PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk
Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report

|  SDGs | Inisiatif Unilever
Unilever Initiatives  |
| --- | --- |
|  Mencapai kesetaraan
gender dan
memberdayakan
perempuan
Achieve gender equality and
empower women | • Bango and Royco held nutritional education activities about Halalan Thayyiban dishes
especially in the month of Ramadan for 1,500 Islamic boarding school students and
female Islamic boarding school students in Lampung.
• Lifebuoy reaches more than 2,000 Islamic boarding schools and benefits more than
900,000 Islamic boarding school students/female Islamic boarding school students
in Indonesia through the “Healthy Islamic Boarding School Programme” initiative, in
collaboration with the Ministry of Religious Affairs.
• Employee training and development programmes.
• The Inspiring Unileader programme on campuses, in the form of educational seminars
where Unilever leaders provide leadership tips, self-development, and a deeper
understanding of the business world.  |
|   |  • Kebijakan inklusif bisnis yang menghormati kesetaraan gender di dalam manajemen
Perseroan. Hingga akhir tahun 2024, dua dari enam anggota Direksi kami adalah
perempuan.
• Citra menghadirkan kampanye Tangan-Tangan Cantik sebagai wujud dukungan bagi
perempuan pelaku UMKM seni dan kerajinan di Indonesia. Inisiatif ini membantu
UMKM yang dipimpin wanita dalam mengembangkan bisnis mereka. Kegiatan ini
bekerja sama dengan Kementerian Pariwisata & Ekonomi Kreatif serta Semasa,
Citra menghadirkan pendanaan bisnis, lokakarya, dan pameran. Salah satu puncak
kampanye ini adalah “Citra Semasa Piknik”, yang menjadi pameran seni & kerajinan
terbesar di Indonesia pada tahun 2024.
• Inclusive business policies that respect gender equality in the Company’s management.
By the end of 2024, two of our six Board of Directors members are women.
• Citra presents the Tangan-Tangan Cantik campaign as a form of support for women
in arts and crafts MSMEs in Indonesia. This initiative helps women-led MSMEs develop
their businesses. This activity is in collaboration with the Ministry of Tourism & Creative
Economy and Semasa, Citra presents business funding, workshops, and exhibitions.
One of the peaks of this campaign is “Citra Semasa Piknik”, which is the largest arts &
crafts exhibition in Indonesia in 2024.  |
|  Menjamin ketersediaan
serta pengelolaan air
bersih dan sanitasi yang
berkelanjutan
Ensure the availability and
sustainable management of
clean water and sanitation. | • Efisiensi penggunaan air seperti mendaur ulang air dari Pengelolaan Air Limbah
Peningkatan berkelanjutan dari Instalasi Pengolahan Air Limbah (IPAL).
• Membuat formulasi produk kami bebas dari crude oil dan mengganti dengan bahan
alami yang ramah lingkungan untuk mengurangi pencemaran air seperti yang
terdapat pada pencuci piring Sunlight.
• Clean in Place dalam pabrik Home Care yang mengurangi 8% penggunaan air dengan
menggunakan kembali air dari proses pencampuran dan pemipaan.
• Efficient use of water such as recycling water from Wastewater Treatment Continuous
improvement of Wastewater Treatment Plants (WWTP).
• Making our product formulations free from crude oil and replacing them with
environmentally friendly natural ingredients to reduce water pollution such as those
found in Sunlight dishwashing liquids.
• Clean in Place in the Home Care factory which reduces 8% of water use by reusing water
from the mixing and piping process.  |
|  Menjamin akses energi
yang terjangkau, andal,
berkelanjutan, dan modern
Ensure access to affordable,
reliable, sustainable, and
modern energy | • Penggunaan energi terbarukan seperti panel surya untuk pemanas yang memasok
air panas ke proses produksi (menggantikan pemanas air listrik), penggunaan energi
biomassa yang berasal dari woodchips menggantikan gas alam sebagai bahan bakar
pada Menara NSD.
• Penghematan energi melalui efisiensi pencahayaan, penginstalan power metre,
mengganti peralatan dengan konsumsi energi yang lebih rendah, seperti blower,
motor kompresor, serta efisiensi energi dalam boiler.
• Penurunan intensitas energi sebesar 6% dibandingkan tahun 2023.
• The use of renewable energy such as solar panels for heating that supplies hot water
to the production process (replacing electric water heaters), the use of biomass energy
derived from woodchips replacing natural gas as fuel in the NSD Tower.
• Energy savings through lighting efficiency, installation of power meters, replacing
equipment with lower energy consumption, such as blowers, compressor motors, and
energy efficiency in boilers.
• A 6% reduction in energy intensity compared to 2023.  |