# Mempersiapkan Mahasiswa Disabilitas untuk Memasuki Dunia Kerja

Preparing Students with Disabilities for the Workforce

Unilever Indonesia melanjutkan inisiatif pemberdayaan penyandang disabilitas melalui program Youth of Unilever Self-Development Training and Enhancement Programme (YOU-STEP!), hasil kerja sama dengan Koneksi Indonesia Inklusif (Konekin).

Program yang telah dijalankan sejak tahun 2023 ini, bertujuan untuk mempersiapkan para mahasiswa penyandang disabilitas untuk memasuki dunia kerja melalui berbagai pelatihan. Pada tahun 2024, terdapat 21 mahasiswa disabilitas dari berbagai universitas di Indonesia yang mengikuti program ini.

YOU-STEP! terbuka bagi mahasiswa disabilitas semester 7+ atau fresh graduate (maksimal 24 bulan setelah kelulusan) dengan berbagai jenis disabilitas, termasuk disabilitas fisik, sensorik Tuli, dan sensorik Netra. Para peserta akan mengikuti serangkaian workshop serta mentoring intensif selama enam bulan yang diawali dengan pre-assessment, lalu dilanjutkan dengan workshop dan mentoring, serta diakhiri dengan post-assessment workshop untuk memastikan pemahaman dan pengembangan keterampilan.

Sebagai bagian dari pembelajaran, para peserta juga diberikan tugas dalam bentuk real mini project yang didiskusikan dengan para mentor pada mentoring session. Para peserta yang menyelesaikan lima workshop dan empat sesi mentoring intensif akan diberikan sertifikat, yang menandakan pencapaian mereka dalam program ini.

Unilever Indonesia stays true to its commitment to empowering persons with disabilities through the Youth of Unilever Self-Development Training and Enhancement Programme (YOU-STEP!), a collaboration with Koneksi Indonesia Inklusif (Konekin).

Introduced in 2023, the programme aims to equip university students with disabilities with the skills and knowledge necessary to enter the workforce through a series of targeted training sessions. In 2024, 21 students with disabilities from various universities across Indonesia are participating in the programme.

YOU-STEP! is open to students with disabilities who are in their seventh semester or beyond, as well as fresh graduates (within 24 months of graduation). The programme welcomes participants with various types of disabilities, including physical disabilities, hearing loss, and visual impairments. Over a six month period, participants engage in a series of workshops and intensive mentoring sessions, beginning with a pre-assessment, followed by workshops and mentoring, and concluding with a post-assessment workshop to evaluate their understanding and skill development.

As part of the learning process, participants are also assigned a real mini-project, which they discuss with mentors during mentoring sessions. Those who complete at least five workshops and four mentoring sessions will receive a certificate of completion, signifying their achievement and growth through the program.

PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report