50
PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk
Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report

# SDGs

## Inisiatif Unilever
### Unilever Initiatives

- Paddle Pop berkomitmen untuk mendukung gaya hidup sehat dan aktif bagi anak-anak melalui program school-to-school yang dirancang untuk mengedukasi dan melibatkan mereka dalam memilih camilan yang lebih baik. Melalui The Happiness Project, Wall's menghadirkan es krim yang membawa kebahagiaan sejak gigitan pertama.
- Pada 2024, Wipol secara konsisten memperluas jangkauan program Gerakan Masjid Bersih. Program ini telah didukung oleh lebih dari 150.000 relawan, dan memberi manfaat kepada 220.000 masjid di berbagai penjuru Tanah Air. Kegiatan ini juga menggandeng 200 anggota komunitas ibu, marbot serta relawan untuk membantu para marbot menyiapkan masjid yang lebih bersih dan higienis di bulan Ramadan.
- Kami menggelar Kompetisi Masak terbesar di Makassar bertajuk "Royco Ibu Juara" bersama Tim Penggerak PKK Kota Makassar. Diikuti oleh para ibu PKK dari 15 Kecamatan di Makassar, kompetisi ini bertujuan menyebarluaskan inspirasi hidangan bernutrisi seimbang dengan mengangkat hidangan kebanggaan warga Makassar yaitu berbagai olahan Ikan Bolu.
- Melanjutkan Program Santri Berseri, kegiatan ini menjangkau satu juta santri di 1.000 pondok pesantren yang tersebar di 17 provinsi pada 2024. Para mitra NGO mengadakan kegiatan Training of Trainers (ToT) dengan melibatkan para pengurus pesantren dan Duta Santri selama Juni-Agustus 2024. Selain itu, diadakan pula gerakan 21 hari untuk membentuk pembiasaan gaya hidup bersih dan sehat. Rexona berkolaborasi dengan grup powerhouse K-pop ternama (G)I-DLE sebagai brand ambassador melalui kampanye #GlowForIt yang bertujuan mengajak semua perempuan Indonesia bergerak – lagi dan lagi – dengan kulit ketiak yang glowing dan terawat.
- Commitment to reducing obesity through responsible marketing, development, and sales.
- Comprehensive health insurance for employees and their families, exceeding that required by applicable laws.
- Promote healthy and clean living through various programmes throughout 2024:
- Lifebuoy launched the Lifebuoy Healthy Pesantren programme campaign, in collaboration with the Indonesian General Practitioners Association (PDUI). This programme provides health checks, handwashing education with soap, and peer-to-peer learning in 2,000 Islamic boarding schools across the country. We also strengthened our partnership with the Halodoc health app to provide free online health consultations and present the Lifebuoy Family Alert podcast on YouTube. This initiative has reached up to 260,000 viewers, affirming our commitment to providing health education that is easily accessible to the wider community.
- Continuing activities during the National Dental Health Month (BKGN) and World Oral Health Day (WOHD), Pepsodent collaborates with the Indonesian Dentists Association (PDGI) and dental schools, to improve people's dental health, including through online dental check-ups. We also launched Pepsodent Free AI Teledentistry, which provides free online dental consultation access to anyone, wherever they are. This innovation has facilitated more than 15,000 people to get dental check-ups without having to leave the comfort of their homes.
- Through the #LampauiMatahari campaign on TikTok, Vaseline presents inspiring videos to build women's confidence to stay active outdoors. Vaseline also strengthens its impact through the Vaseline Healing Project (VHP) in collaboration with the Indonesian Dermatologists Association (Perdoski), to provide free skin consultations and treatments to 500 women who experience skin damage due to sunlight and sun care education through the TikTok #TanyaDerma series. We also collaborate with Halodoc to provide 10,000 free online consultation vouchers and distribute free sunscreen in public places. Continuing the Siaga DBD Bersama Buavita program initiative, to strengthen Buavita's role in preventing and restoring health, especially against Dengue Fever (DBD) and the impact of air pollution. Buavita offers nutritious products containing real fruit juice, Vitamin C, and 1000 mg of Collagen and educates the public into the importance of maintaining body immunity.
- Through the Nutrimenu programme, Royco collaborates with BKKBN to support the prevention and handling of stunting with the #IsiPiringku concept. This programme has inspired 18 million mothers and helped change more than 120 million menus into more balanced and nutritious dishes since 2019. Royco also continues the Wisata Rasa/Taste Tourism of Breastmilk Complementary Food (MPASI) programme as a form of support for parents in providing healthy and nutritious foods for their babies. With education and practical recipes, we continue to support Indonesian families in creating healthy diets for a stronger and stunting-free generation.
- Paddle Pop is committed to fostering a healthy and active lifestyle for children through a school-to-school programme devised to educate and engage them in choosing better snacks. Through The Happiness Project, Wall's presents ice cream that brings happiness from the first bite.