AA1000 Licensed Report 000-306/V3-LNGG1

TÜV Rheinland® Precisely Right.

# INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

## The 2024 Sustainability Report of PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Statement No: 521/TRID/BS-A02/4/2025

PT TUV Rheinland Indonesia (hereinafter "TÜV Rheinland" or "we") has been engaged by the management of PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk (hereinafter "Unilever Indonesia" or "the Reporting Company") to provide an independent assurance of the PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Sustainability Report 2024 (hereinafter, "the Report"). TÜV Rheinland, headquartered in Germany, is a global independent Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") &amp; Sustainability Assurance service provider with qualified ESG practitioners worldwide.

This assurance statement applies only to the relevant information included in the scope of the assurance. The entire content and information of the Report is in the responsibility of Unilever Indonesia. The responsibility of the assurance team (the "Assurance Team" or the "Assurer") is to provide Unilever Indonesia and its stakeholder with an independent assurance statement based on our expert opinions by applying the verification methodology for the specified assurance scope. The overall objective is to provide Unilever Indonesia's stakeholders with assurance on the reliability and objectivity of the information contained in the Report. The intended users of this assurance statement are stakeholders who are interested in Unilever Indonesia's overall sustainability performance and the impacts of its business activities.

## SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND SUBJECT MATTER

The scope of assurance engagement agreed upon with Unilever Indonesia includes the following:

1. The reporting period: 1st January 2024 to 31st December 2024.
2. The assurance covers the Report against the reporting criteria including evaluation of quality, accuracy and reliability of performance information.
3. Material topics identified and reported by Unilever Indonesia consist of 9 material topics (the "Subject Matter"). These material topics include the following:

- Responsible Plastic and Waste Management within the Company and with the Community.
- People's Health and Wellbeing, including Improving Dignity.
- Positive Nutrition.
- Equity, Diversity and Inclusion.
- Responsible Advertising and Marketing.
- Responsible Product Innovation.
- Sustainable Sourcing and Promoting Better Livelihood for the Community.
- Future of Work for the Employees.
- Climate Action.

## REPORTING CRITERIA AND FRAMEWORK

- Reporting with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards 2021 ("GRI 2021").
- The Regulation of Financial Services Authority Number 51/POJK.03/2017 on the Implementation of Sustainable Finance for Financial Services Institutions, Issuers, and Public Companies.