AA1000 Licensed Report 000-306/V3-LNGG1

TÜV Rheinland® Precisely Right.

communicating sustainability goals and commitments to stakeholders. This ensures that stakeholders are well-informed about initiatives and progress toward its sustainability goals.

## Materiality:

Unilever Indonesia has systematically conducted a materiality assessment of sustainability issues, taking into account the industry landscape, due diligence findings, risk assessments and stakeholder engagement. This assessment, which has become an annual practice, is a cornerstone of their commitment to sustainability. The Sustainability Steering Group reflecting the commitment of top management, carefully reviews and approves the list of material issues. The materiality assessment provides a comprehensive understanding of the relevant issues. These material issues are then methodically addressed in specific sections, each outlined by measurable metrics. Unilever Indonesia's senior management and cross-functional teams are well versed in these processes, which are informed by extensive documentation and interviews.

## Responsiveness:

Unilever Indonesia is committed to addressing stakeholder concerns through a multi-faceted approach embedded in the sustainability strategy, policies, procedures, code of conduct and established sustainability goals. Unilever Indonesia actively promotes stakeholder engagement through various channels, including multi-stakeholder platforms and customer interfaces. In particular, the dialog-driven approach is exemplified throughout the Report.

## Impact:

Unilever Indonesia adheres to the GRI 2021, which prioritize the assessment of internal and external impacts. Unilever Indonesia has systematically identified the impacts associated with its operations and products. Their commitment to impact assessment is reflected in careful documentation and tracking of impacts through internal processes and systems. Impact analysis covering environmental, economic, social, people and its human rights. In addition, their commitment to identifying and mitigating negative impacts is evident in their annual risk and materiality assessment.

## STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY OF THE MANAGEMENT OF UNILEVER INDONESIA

The Management of Unilever Indonesia has sole responsibility for preparing and presenting the Subject Matter (material topics) with reference to GRI 2021 and preparing the Report in adherence to the AA1000AP (2018) Principles. Unilever Indonesia's responsibilities also include maintaining effective internal controls over the information and data, resulting in the preparation of the Subject Matter in a way that is free from material misstatements.

## STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY, COMPETENCY, INDEPENDENCY AND IMPARTIALITY OF ASSURANCE PROVIDER

TÜV Rheinland ensures that appropriately qualified individuals are selected based on their qualifications, training and experience. We have maintained complete impartiality and independence throughout the assurance engagement and have not been involved in the preparation of the content of the Report or provided any related information. The assurance statement is only valid if it is published in its entirety