3. Kinerja dan pencapaian Direktur dan Komisaris secara individu dan kolektif berdasarkan penilaian kinerja;
4. Tugas, tanggung jawab dan wewenang masing-masing anggota Direksi dan Dewan Komisaris; dan
5. Pencapaian tujuan kinerja jangka pendek atau jangka panjang yang selaras dengan strategi Perseroan, termasuk untuk strategi keberlanjutan.

## Struktur Paket Kompensasi

[GRI 2-21]

Paket remunerasi Direksi terdiri dari gaji, tunjangan, bonus dan imbalan pasca kerja. Sementara paket remunerasi Dewan Komisaris meliputi gaji pokok, namun tidak menerima bonus jangka pendek, bonus saham, ataupun opsi saham.

Pada tahun 2024, Direksi dan Dewan Komisaris menerima total kompensasi masing-masing sebesar Rp90,5 miliar dan Rp5,6 miliar (2023: masing-masing Rp113,9 miliar dan Rp4,2 miliar). Paket kompensasi tahun 2024 dan 2023 untuk Direksi dan Komisaris diungkapkan dalam catatan 7 Laporan Keuangan yang diterbitkan pada tanggal 19 April 2024 yang juga terlampir pada Laporan Tahunan Unilever Indonesia 2024.

## Pengembangan Kompetensi Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi

Sepanjang tahun 2024, Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi mengikuti berbagai program pengembangan kompetensi, termasuk untuk topik keberlanjutan. Informasi terkait pengembangan kompetensi Dewan Komisaris dan Direksi dapat dilihat pada Bab Penunjang Bisnis dalam Laporan Tahunan Unilever Indonesia 2024.

3. The individual and collective performance and achievements of Directors and Commissioners based on performance evaluations;
4. The duties, responsibilities, and authority of each member of the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners; and
5. The achievement of short-term and long-term performance targets aligned with the Company's overall strategy, including its sustainability strategy.

## Compensation Package Structure

[GRI 2-21]

The remuneration package for the Directors consists of salary, allowances, bonuses, and post-employment benefits. Meanwhile, the remuneration package for the Board of Commissioners comprises a base salary but does not include short-term bonuses, share-based bonuses, or stock options.

In 2024, the total compensation received by the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners amounted to Rp90.5 billion and Rp5.6 billion respectively (2023: Rp113.9 billion and Rp4.2 billion respectively). The remuneration packages for 2024 and 2023 for both the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners are disclosed in Note 7 of the Financial Statements issued on 19 April 2024, which is also attached to 2024 Unilever Indonesia Annual Report.

## Competency Development of the Board of Commissioners and Directors

Throughout 2024, the Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors participated in various competency development programmes, including on sustainability-related topics. Information related to the competency development of the Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors can be obtained from the 'Business Support Chapter' in the 2024 Unilever Indonesia Annual Report.

PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk Laporan Keberlanjutan 2024 Sustainability Report